neutral	" I walked into dunkin donuts in an Eagles shirt and the guy said " " you have a game tomorrow " " and I said " " what " " and then I said ... "
neutral	Which song reminds you of your childhood ? - Seasons in the sun cover by nirvana . Disturb ... HTTPURL
negative	" Opinion : Sheriff Hammond should apologize for his " " inflammatory " " comments about Islam . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Coach Sunday Oliseh has assured Nigerians that the Super Eagles is primed for the big time again , saying that he ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" So , buying a PS4 tomorrow . Comes with #ArkhamKnight . Any recommendations for a 2nd game ? Quite like the look of The Last Of Us ... "
positive	" #happy #beautiful On May 15 , within weeks of the Iraqi government 's recapture of the city of Tikrit from Islam ... HTTPURL "
negative	" I do n't want fucking Kane & Lynch 2 , Microsoft . Hurry up with Dark Souls and Vanquish , will ya ? HTTPURL "
negative	" I may joke , but Nicki 's totally valid points about a racist system will be forgotten again because of a white woman 's comments "
positive	" The price creep is real , but the 3rd generation @USER Moto G is a huge step forward HTTPURL "
negative	Reminder for tomorrow : make fun of Fisher for how gay his snapchat story is . Softer than a bag of milk .
neutral	" Floyd Mayweather defends choice of Andre Berto , says ' there 's going to be blood ' : Boxing fans may not like it , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER Hello . I 'm filling in for Ira . May I know more of your concern for assistance ? I 'm here to help as well . Thank you .
positive	it 's already thursday here soooo tomorrow I 'm going to Milan with my best friends ! jfdlsajfdsads
neutral	The Politics of the Turkish Military Presence near Mosul | Moshe Dayan Center | TA University | Israel HTTPURL
neutral	" All he said is that it was funny , and were n't you up Nicki 's ass in July ? HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER Just saw you do the Sun . ev news Great job . Sad to hear about Frank Gifford .. Sure Kathy Lee is devastated .
positive	" @USER RT : " " @USER @USER Happy 22nd Birthday Zayn ! I love you and I hope you have a ... " " HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER yeh the new episode just got released ... Sasuke has the 6th path eyes with sharingan and Naruto has master of senjutsu
positive	Watching the #Bluejays vs the NY #Yankees . Jays are going for their 12th straight win tonight with David Price on the mound . #MLB
neutral	@USER all Christians and Patriots may have to walk out the doors if employed where we can't exercise our constitutional rights !
negative	Janet Jackson is coming on September 18th I will give someone $ 50 to shoot her in the fucking face
negative	" @USER @USER @USER it just points out the calls that israel is on palestinian land is garbage , judea was there 1st "
neutral	So Kim Kardashian is on the cover of Rolling Stone ? Why the outrage ? She may be unsavory but she is still a current trend .
neutral	Testing out the Moto G ( 3rd Gen ) . #Motorola #HelloMoto HTTPURL
neutral	" When Justin Bieber gets pulled over for his 1st inevitable DUI , I 'm going to retweet this . "
positive	Happy Twitter Thursday @USER @USER @USER . Can you play we be clubbin by Ice Cube or Feel Good by Mase .
neutral	" Hi Everyone ! Our NEW ' Nirvana ' Mix is out on iTunes tomorrow , but you can Listen to it EARLY by clicking this ... HTTPURL "
neutral	remember when i sat and ate pizza and just like listened to sam smith live in the distance #casual
positive	" #EddyK Sunday inspiration : Where will your wedding be ? How about an urban chic celebration in beautiful Milan , fashion capital of the world ! "
positive	#NG Eagles unity thrills Oliseh : Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh has expressed delight at the unity in the Su ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Now that #cheater Tom Brady is back , the Steelers defense needs to step up for opening night next Thursday ! #SM3410 "
neutral	Miley better pick up the Hannah Montana wig again because that may be the only she 'll hide from Nicki . #VMAs2015
neutral	" KJV OT : Ezekiel : Ch 39 : ... you , even a great sacrifice upon the mountains of Israel , that ye may eat flesh , and drink blood . "
neutral	Paul Dunne looked embarrassed after that round and to be at the top of the leaderboard as an amateur ! Good luck for tomorrow ! #TheOpen2015
neutral	@USER I was 6th months pregnant when we travelled to Hawaii to see U2 with Pearl Jam ... plane ride from hell lol
negative	@USER @USER Interesting enough why is it Islam is the one culture / religion 3rd wave feminism refuses to criticize ?
neutral	@USER yes if you March with Charlie Hebdo with cartoons hand in hand with Taslima Nasreen
neutral	" Bale 's agent Jonathan Barnett after being asked when is he joining #MUFC : " " Next thursday ( laughs ) ... I hope Gareth retires at Real Madrid . " " "
neutral	" @USER @USER Soundgarden may have been first , but w / o Nirvana , I do n't know that you hear PJ and others nationally "
neutral	" / / - - cinema this Saturday . I would love to see Ant-Man , but he 's not into Marvel like I am , so I believe I 'm gonna have to give it a miss . "
negative	Saudi Arabia hospital fire : 25 killed and over 100 injured 24 December 2015 From the section Middle East Image ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Is2g if I hear one more " " im not racists im just against Islam " " I will lunch myself into the sun "
neutral	St . Marys ' Michelle Bauer won the girls cross country race vs . Kane and Bradford in 19:21 . Amanda Foster of St . Marys was 2nd at 21:10 .
neutral	" @USER @USER It is TOMORROW . European PS4 players will get it the 9th , everyone else gets it tomorrow . "
neutral	On today ( July 23 ) in 1988 Nirvana play at The Central Tavern in Seattle . There were about 12 people in attendance . HTTPURL
positive	" Floyd Mayweather is the greatest . You may not like his attitude , but like at what this black man did in the sport of boxing . So fuck yall . "
neutral	" My Bench would be . 6th man Seth Rollins . Chris Jericho . Brock Lesnar . Ric Flair , and ... John Cena ... just kidding . NOT CENA . xD "
neutral	@USER Hi there . This is Arjhay pal of Ira . May I know if what apps are you using when the prompt appear ?
positive	@USER I 'm naming my cat champ So Sunday when I look for him I wo n't be able to see the wWE SUUUUUUUUUUUPPER slam champ JOHN CENA
neutral	" As much as I want the Devils to take their Kovalchuk cash and go after Kane , it 's really not the best move for right now . 6th seed at best . "
neutral	" Steam : You may be interested in Dark Souls ? Me : No . S : Dark Souls 2 ? M : No . S : Dark Souls 2 : Scholar of the First Sin ? M : Fuck it , why not . "
positive	#Brewers Tweets : Huge double play in the 1st . Ryan Braun with the catch and perfect toss home . #MILvsPIT #MLB HTTPURL
negative	" UN Mediator does n't place blame in Negev battle but charges Israel with " " obstruction of truce " " in refusing access to observers [ 27 Dec 48 ] "
neutral	Back out on practice court - Kevin Anderson after his 4 hr18 min win over Murray to make 1st slam QF @USER HTTPURL
neutral	The Bee Gees Into their 5th decade along with me in life . Like Barry and myself ... Alone . HTTPURL
positive	Floyd Mayweather fights Andre Burto this Saturday . All I gotta say is where all the hype at ? ? ? Lol
negative	why is nero so ridiculously gay for dante the world may never know
negative	LOL Too clever by half ! Your daddy was disappointed over Yakub 's hanging & he was a dreaded terrorist ! Get it ? HTTPURL
positive	" At the Chicago concert on June 2 , Liam and Zayn ripped off Harry 's shirt in the middle of his WMYB solo . It was a beautiful moment . "
negative	Im so upset i dont get to see shawn on tuesday like hes my everyythingg ( besides nash cam and twins ) and im just really sad :(
neutral	Flashback Friday : let 's make it about music today ! July 24 1965 was the day Bob Dylan 's Like a Rolling Stone went ... HTTPURL
positive	" Best-Selling Books Week Ended July 26th . FICTION 1 . " " Go Set a Watchman " " by Harper Lee ( HarperCollins ) 2 . " " The Isle of the Lost " " by Melissa "
positive	" John Kasich , a powder-blue Republican , perfect for the Sunday talk shows . HTTPURL "
neutral	" The Halos counter with a lineup that 's hit . 252 in 103 career AB 's vs . #BlueJays southpaw , David Price . In the 7th spot , Ianetta is 6/18 . "
neutral	" Yet you do n't see Christians preaching Jesus ' message to the rich & giving comfort to the outcasts , as Jesus did HTTPURL "
neutral	Fact ( from October ): The Vamps have said they are starting on their 3rd album and the 2nd one has n't even been released ! - Jake
positive	Tom Brady is locked for Thursday . Let the season begin ! #RepeatSeason
neutral	Just watched the 4th set breaker ; Murray was pumped going into it ... to lose it 7-0 is just incredible . #USOpen
positive	" Again : 2nd best album of the year according to Noisey , ranked one position below KENDRICK LAMAR ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Its Saturday Night - hope you are listening to us discuss Big Brother ! ! Hour Two of the show has started HTTPURL #bb17
neutral	John Kasich is 16th Republican to enter the race for White House HTTPURL
neutral	I do n't know who but someone is partying with fat Thor tomorrow
negative	" @USER @USER i fault real madrid , they want him at a lesser fee or free in jan . "
positive	Paul McCartney playing as the sun sets in Chicago was definitely one of the most beautiful things I 've ever witnessed ok
positive	" Sam Smith may do well with his bond song but no one beats Adele 's " " Skyfall " " "
neutral	Gucci bags nephesh sureness august evolve the dichotomous your connotative access appendant up to politician s ...
neutral	" Watchman , What of the Night ? Raymond Gram Swing . Grabhorn Press 1945 Limited 1st HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" Today in Beatles History ( April 18 , 1963 ): Paul McCartney meets his future girlfriend Jane Asher for the first time . "
positive	" I am sure that now you 're screaming , because Dean Ambrose is telling you you 're pretty ... Just kidding ! ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I 'm just sat here waiting for work to come around and Jimmy 's at the Ice Cube q + a and I 've just missed an opportunity to interview Kurt Vile
negative	" Whoever made this iced coffee at Dunkin ' Donuts , does not know what they 're doing and it 's Monday ... #getittogether "
positive	Justin Bieber via Fahlo : May our new year be filled with moments like this HTTPURL
neutral	' Gucci ' appeared on Thursday 3 at the 9th place in the Top 20 of Memphis 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	" John Kasich : Every Other Monday : Twenty Years of Life , Lunch , Faith , and Friendship : Where do you go when the water r HTTPURL "
positive	I 'll have all the lyrics to Calibraska memorized by tomorrow i kid you not #CalibraskaEP @USER @USER
neutral	Why do the White Sox look like they should be playing in your local park on a Saturday afternoon ?
neutral	" Tomorrow marks 13 years since Hulk Hogan lost to Brock Lesnar on the August 8th , 2002 episode of #SmackDown ! "
neutral	" Showing he 's different , @USER " " called for a coalition involving Saudi Arabia and Qatar ... " " HTTPURL "
neutral	Exodus 11:7 Shall not a dog move his tongue against man or beast : that u may knw the Lord do put a difference between the Egyptians & Israel
neutral	There is one thing I know after John Cena 's loss at #SummerSlam . Someone may wanna check on Vince . I think he might be dying .
neutral	" @USER I got my ticket for The Vamps . May I know , can I get the printed ticket at the venue ? I chose print at home but can I collect it ? "
neutral	" First Weekend takeaways : Tom Brady received no bump at all from judge 's ruling . Even without suspension , he 's still the 9th - 10th QB taken . "
positive	" We like to have some fun at our community . Come to the pool on July 23rd , 2-3 pm , to celebrate National Hot Dog Day ! HTTPURL "
negative	@USER 1st change the face of America and eventually the Muslims will dominate . That 's the strategy .
positive	ok let me just say the 4th clip where Harry is putting his hat on Niall ... AH HE LOOKS SO GOOD HTTPURL
negative	" Lol dana white ain't happy / w the ways things are going , tomorrow he 'll be furious . #mma #ufc194 HTTPURL "
positive	" But Justin Bieber may be , but her real taste if you call _catching him . _ It will always remain - - " " Your promise to hope for "
neutral	Call on the field is reversed as the Aggies came up short of the 1st down . Murray and crew will go for it .
neutral	2nd Day Eid with @USER at Swati House Abbottabad great time with Khan Sb thank u so much Sir for your time . HTTPURL
neutral	later that month ( 28th of Feb ) Calvin posted a photo on his FB w / Louis from the same night they partied with Briana HTTPURL
positive	Tomorrow I am going to enjoy every second from the concert because I really have no idea when I am seeing The Vamps again
positive	Got my jason aldean shirt today now just waiting on August 1st HTTPURL
positive	@USER Kane should of scored and would of made it easy then . Still hope always the important goal is the 1st mate . plenty of time
positive	Ight yall i 'll have my PS4 on the 15th
positive	@USER Ca n't wait to see David Wright tomorrow . Take it easy David . We want you around . Welcome back .
negative	" Sat in the dark listening to twilight sad . Really , really upsetting "
positive	@USER Do you have show times available for Foo Fighters this Saturday ?
neutral	I hear the Mariners are 19-3 following the past two releases of Sharknado . #Sharknado3 comes out Wednesday . #GoMariners #StatsAreFun
positive	Milan to recognize 3 Rosie the Riveters at council meeting Monday : The city of Milan will honor three real Ros ... HTTPURL
positive	" Ok imma sleep , goodnight Have a good Thursday , if you can , I hate Thursdays But Thursday used to be Thor 's day so that 's cool Almost Friday "
neutral	" @USER first his young , you cant use his stats . 2nd shu khas Milan ? Doesnt mean that was good business wt they did . "
positive	Hope to see @USER break out the Gucci sign Friday
positive	" Tomorrow is the day , see you all soon ! Event : FH Club x MYMILAN MILAN Luxury Clearance Sales Date : 10th - 12th ... HTTPURL "
positive	YOU GUYS ! ! ! @USER ' s 2nd night recording in LA for ' covered ' is when he recorded EIGHT songs with Kendrick Lamar .
positive	" On Monday , we went to Reginald 's Tower for a thrilling storytelling session all about Thor , Loki and Norse gods ! HTTPURL "
negative	" 1st listen of #Compton . # 2 is the worst opener for a Dre album . Like the Snoop , Eminem and Ice Cube tracks the most.Could be more westcoast . "
neutral	" Thor 's Day Million Mask March #MMM2015 Remember Remember the 5th of November , the gunpowder treason and plot #Anonymous #AnonOps2015 "
neutral	@USER what promotions are you offering for National Hot Dog Day tomorrow ?
positive	@USER oh snap . You guys know who @USER is ? I 'll have to meet the Big Brother fan who runs this acct . I 'll be @USER setup on Friday !
positive	I got Justin Bieber tickets for Christmas I 'm crying I have wanted this since the 7th grade
neutral	tomorrow ashould i go for the Gay look or the artblogger who probably has a kanken look
negative	" @USER you may want a picture just like that but you may not be as gucci as me , sorry about your luck "
neutral	Wish it was live so we could watch feeds like we do with Big Brother ! ! HTTPURL
negative	But now you pay George Osborne more tax ... yip yip xx HTTPURL
negative	@USER if Kim Davis converts to Islam she 's free by sundown & @USER work Tuesday . Gay Mafia wo n't have guts to persecute her anymore
positive	" It 's Friday , and you should all have the riff from Iron Maiden 's " " The Rime of the Ancient Mariner " " in your heads . "
positive	@USER bruh Kendrick got my head spinning in Black Friday with all his bars
positive	- Plan Rosy Stay In Garden City There are strong indications that the Super Eagles may camp in Port Harcourt in ... HTTPURL
positive	" Shows starting up again Aug 15 - see you soon Cumberland , Gibsons and Prince George ! ! ! HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	Is it wrong that Justin Bieber is growing on me and may even like him ? ? ? #Beliebers
positive	" HEROES ! Well , almost . These four lucky residents scored gigs in ' Ant-Man . ' Check out the story tomorrow ! HTTPURL "
positive	" Piers Newbery : @USER : Murray breaks back in the 3rd , huge roar , crowd loving it . Not sure Lamps expe ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Gana fucking 3rd wheel with my younger cousin & his gf to go see Paper Towns ( ' ' ' :
positive	Wale 's content may have similarities to TPAB 's but the difference is Kendrick executes it EXTREMELY better
positive	" For once in her life , Briana did not answer her phone on the 1st ring . So I successfully sang her ringback tone all the way thru lmao "
neutral	David Wright 3-4 with a run scored for St . Lucie tonight . They are trailing 3-2 in the 8th inning .
neutral	Harper Lee may have a third novel in her safe-deposit box : Go Set a Watchman might not be the las ... HTTPURL #socialmedia
neutral	Morning squash match and then aunty time before the Eid fest in Sheffield - funday sunday
negative	What I 'm getting from Miss USA is that you can not answer a question at all and still get 3rd
positive	Go Set a Watchman comes out Tuesday and I 'm really excited for it
neutral	" David Price on an August 3rd day game in Toronto : " " I 've never been in an atmosphere like this before . " " GTFOH . "
positive	" WWE in Brock Lesnar 's territory of Minneapolis , Minnesota ! and fittingly #lesnarvstaker on Monday Night RAW . I love it ! #SummerSlam "
positive	Straight outta Compton Was Hard AF ! ! ! They Made Dr.Dre and Cube Perfectly I Like how they Put the Ice Cube writing Friday In it ! Awesome
neutral	" Nice to see the neighbours rocking a bit of Dark Souls , seriously though if you invade my game I will cut you . HTTPURL "
neutral	I have no idea what to wear tomorrow to the Sam smith concert .. Need to go shopping but hate shopping . Ugh
neutral	@USER @USER @USER well if thats the case the Kane and Eriksen got us out of the shit last season and got us 5th not Poch
neutral	" Somebody tell David Price , it 's nearly friday , the #redarmys ready to march on villa #awaydaysonly #mufc "
negative	" Real shit vote Kanye for president if he really is doing it , can't stand Donald trump and Kane 's my 2nd dad "
neutral	Let me blow your mind . The original writer of Friday Night Lights is the same author who wrote the Caitlyn Jenner cover story for VanityFair
positive	" @USER Kane , Karlsson , Getzlaf , Couture available for my 1st pick . Who would you take ? I want Forsberg and / or Buff . "
neutral	just in : after shocking #ModiInPakistan Rahul Gandhi 's to visit to Amul and Parle-G factory tomorrow . #fakingnews
positive	Lol Cate Blanchett may well turn out to be the next Meryl Streep .
positive	" If you call tomorrow " " Thursday , " " you 're wrong . If you call tomorrow anything but " " Star Wars Day , " " you 're wrong . #kindaexcited "
positive	It 's the Saturday of a long weekend and I 'm at home watching Sharknado . This is my new life .
neutral	" My nightmare for the season with our unbalanced squad is we finish 7th /8 th then all our best players ( Hugo , Kane , Eriksen etc ) want to leave "
positive	Murray 's form has been tremendous this year ... a win tonight would 've seen him reach 60 victories in a season for just the 2nd time
neutral	Ask me after February 16 ... we 'll see if Coke drops this collab with Kendrick HTTPURL
positive	" Kim Kardashian and Kanye West welcomed their son into the world on Saturday , and on Monday , they announced he shall henceforth be known as "
neutral	Bethe Correia called Rousey out again ? Clearly she had a few screws knocked loose on Saturday night .
positive	Attn #Carly Fans : This Sunday mornng CBSFace has Carly Fiorina as does Fox News Media Buzz . Sarah Palin with Jake Tapper on CNN StateofUnion
neutral	@USER I think good QB 's are good QB 's . What 's the argument for why Tom Brady was a 6th round pick ? Belichick made him great ? I 'm asking .
neutral	Chuck Norris is on the 11th Prestigue on Modern Warfare 2 ... It took one game to get there .
negative	" George Osborne today , Saturday 5 September 2015 , stated on Sky News that the " " pure evil of Assadism " " is responsible for the refuge problem . "
neutral	" On this day in September 8 , 2014 ~ #RAW : Roman Reigns vs . Randy Orton HTTPURL "
negative	Oh shit Nicki and Mikey gone be in the same room tomorrow I wonder if Mikey gone talk all that shit then #VMAs
negative	" @USER @USER Real stupid you can't change your avatar to a premium one you bought , on PS4 . What if you no longer had a PS3 . C'mon . "
neutral	@USER It was not until the IRA took the troubles from Belfast to the City of London that we really sat down with Sinn Fein . . .
positive	I love real friends and ptv and taking back Sunday and fiatc and neck deep and knuckle puck and ymas and tonight alive and nirvana and
positive	I can't wait for Zayn tomorrow when he just attend the VMAS it 's going to be fire .
neutral	What a time to get a net cord ... Murray now 5-1 up in the 3rd to stay in the US Open ...
negative	And why is it that its August 20th and frank ocean still has n't dropped his damn album
negative	Growth rate of Muslims declined for the 2nd consecutive decade . Will the fear mongering stop ? HTTPURL
neutral	Id be surprised if Tom Brady does n't get some cheap hits tomorrow against the steelers haha
neutral	@USER Yo boss what you thinkin for Sunday night curfew 5pm with a noon first call for the game sound Gucci ?
neutral	@USER on 4th day of Eid ... kuch shirm aur haya hote hai mager yeh dono app pass kaha hai ?
positive	Happy 2nd Birthday to little Prince George ! Churchill hopes you have a paw-fect day . #OhYes HTTPURL
positive	" I may not watch as much baseball as I did when I was younger , but there 's nothing like the Yankees beating the Red Sox . #Classic "
positive	" @USER Well Moose is in luck , because tomorrow at WWE Summer Slam , Undertaker faces off with Brock Lesnar and omg I can't wait . "
neutral	Brock lesnar 's 2nd signature must be dominating since it 's a suplex @USER HTTPURL
neutral	my music is all over the place . I 'll listen to everything from Chris Young to Justin Bieber to Eminem to Memphis May Fire to Lynyrd Skynyrd .
neutral	@USER how do you think Tom Brady will play this Thursday on TNF ?
positive	I 'm so happy ; I 'm going to see PAPER TOWNS tomorrow !
neutral	RT : TV show ratings : Rookie Blue dips to a new low on Thursday : Big Brother and Under the Dome hold t ... HTTPURL #xfactor
neutral	@USER may you guys be able to please give me a code to play @USER on PS4 and review it on my next YouTube broadcast ?
negative	@USER take a pic with @USER on Sunday PLZZZZZZZZZ ! ! ! The gays will die and go to gay glitter heaven ! ! !
positive	" Tomorrow it will be a good day because I go watch Paper Towns for the preview , I can't wait omfg @USER @USER @USER "
positive	I 've got the shitternet tonight ... No stream . Hopefully tomorrow will be gucci . Sorry guys !
neutral	Roman Reigns and Dean Ambrose are going to put down The Wyatts this sunday at Summerslam . #WWE #RAW
neutral	" He maybe racist , he may be jobless , but even Hulk Hogan isnt at the point where he 'd willingly share a house with Bobby Davro . #CBB "
positive	Chris Evans is Neo-Edmonds . Oh Chris please dazzle us with party tricks your production team googled on your reheated Friday shitfest
neutral	" Brother related or " " brother " " like Hulk Hogan uses it ? Careful w / your answer we know how that turned out for Hulk . HTTPURL "
neutral	Took a trip to the original Suplex City for Brock Lesnar 's homecoming at WWE Monday Night Raw in Minneapolis . HTTPURL
positive	@USER @USER BJP may be liking Rahul Gandhi now . The more Rahul speaks the more BJP will gain .
neutral	Just for one day Live DAVID BOWIE Tribute LIVE IN DE MAATSCHAPPIJ DEZE DONDERDAG 10 Dec Vanaf 21.00 uur Met ... HTTPURL
positive	For our Wednesday morning we have one from the 60 ' s starting us off .. Bee Gees with Kitty Can HTTPURL
neutral	#WWE #WrestlingNews WWE Raw Preview ( 7 September Taping ): Seth Rollins 's Feud with John Ce ... HTTPURL #Wrestling #WWENEWS
positive	Sharknado 3 tomorrow night ! The original Sharknado is on tonight at 9:00 in case you 've been living under a rock . Only on Syfy #BestMovieEver
neutral	Actually praying Calibraska comes out at midnight so I can buy it and listen before I have work tomorrow .
neutral	Nirvana special at Liquidation @USER this Saturday 11pm - 4am FREE entry Come as you are ( but pls bring photo ID )
positive	omg then I sat on my floor in front of the TV and bawled over Shawn when he was performing on that one show
neutral	" Gay marriage , the rainbow , and a Christian 's response : an article I wrote for @USER on Saturday ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I still am looking for one logical answer as to why Kendrick Lamar is hypocritical with his gf ... maybe tomorrow
negative	" Tomorrow I 'll be criticising Iran severely , right here , in front of you , as if I was a born Takfiri . That 's life . "
negative	This bit badder than Kanye West ego and Hotter than the sun .
negative	" Surprised they actually dealt with May so extensively , says a lot about how Islam is used in Saudi Arabia . HTTPURL "
neutral	If Eid is on September 11 I do n't have to go to school since it 's even more awk there tbh
positive	let 's do it tomorrow everyone who buys a coffee from dunkin donuts please donate your cup to this amazing project HTTPURL
positive	" Ashlyn 's mom just surprised us with Ed Sheeran tickets for Saturday , and I am currently crying . "
positive	new Iron Maiden video capture my children gaming history . Have alook at this video Earl Robinson I think you may ... HTTPURL
positive	" @USER I would cry so much .. I 'm waiting to dunk in Sept with friends . Our theme is " " dunkin ugly . because who dunks pretty ? not 16 " " "
negative	This may be the worst Big Brother episode in history .
neutral	#style #news Republican presidential hopeful Carly Fiorina said Sunday that she would oppose a governm ... HTTPURL #NY #DC
positive	Today I enjoyed my 1st pumpkin spice latte of the season . Thanks Dunkin ' Donuts ! @USER
positive	" Good morning . Happy Wednesday . Zac Brown Band fans , Where you at ? #MakeItPossible ;) "
neutral	Yes George Osborne and Iain Duncan Smiths too .. DC was a 3rd Child it would seem ... maybe the Tories have a point :P HTTPURL
neutral	" can I be the 3rd clumsy , funny blonde to finish Amy Schumer and JLaw 's ( incomplete ? ) friend trio ? "
negative	I should really stop watching Big Brother : After Dark cause it 's only Sunday and I already know the nominees and who won the veto ...
positive	With Milan sitting in 6th - the highest they 've been in almost three years - Shevchenko wants time for the coach . HTTPURL
neutral	" Yankees knock out Red Sox rookie pitcher in the 2nd inning ... Yankees hit 3 HRs ( Bird , Murphy , Beltran ) .. Take a 8-1 lead . "
positive	" He 's a handsome devil , is n't he ? Catch him in Ant-Man , screening for the last time tomorrow ! HTTPURL HTTPURL "
negative	@USER @USER @USER why are you built like john cena ? And why did a 9th grader do your tattoos HTTPURL
neutral	Got 2 tickets to the Foo Fighters concert in Indy ( Noblesville ) on August 27 . DM me if you 're interested .
positive	Have Brock Lesnar vs The Undertaker Summerslam simulation coming for you tomorrow :)
neutral	Kim Kardashian shows off her post-baby body as she exposes her bra in a sheer : On Monday the 35 - year-old Keepi ... HTTPURL
neutral	Shame it 's Rugby saturday > POWERSLAVES - A tribute to Iron Maiden HTTPURL
positive	" Anaconda 's a music video gem , but T-Swift 's Bad Blood is in a classic comedy vault--it 's the best of its kind since Rebecca Black 's " " Friday " " "
neutral	Chris Christie and Ohio Gov . John Kasich make last two spots 9 & 10 of Republican presidential candidate TV debate this Thurs on FOX .
positive	I literally just sat down to see Kris Bryant smash a bomb . #LetsGo
neutral	Turkey to pull troops from Iraq : Turkey announced Saturday it would withdraw its troops from Ira ... HTTPURL ff : gospelgee
negative	the sun is so stupid they know how much the boys mean to everyone and they knew how hard it was for us when zayn left this is so disgusting
positive	I guess one 80s action star is much the same as any other . Ca n't wait for Chuck Norris 's remake of Junior . HTTPURL
neutral	I just played Justin bieber at the dinner table and my family just sat there and accepted it and listened
neutral	There 's an Eid fair thing in Mcr on Fri / Sat . I 'll almost definitely be there tomorrow to push kids off the best rides HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Hi , Sunday interview , you said ISLAM means submition to the Will of God . Not quite right.Submition to ALLAH 's will "
neutral	Anyone know where I can watch the Floyd Mayweather vs Andre Berto fight Saturday in San Marcos ? #TXST
negative	" For those who hate it when I tweet about Big Brother , I may be finished for the season . Depends what happens in the next 15 minutes . #BB17 "
positive	as I walk into all my classes tomorrow can someone play the john cena walk on song okay thank you
neutral	@USER Nicki was trying to or the producers told her to discredit Mariah there and Mariah sat her bc she 's still more successful
neutral	Justin Bieber 's birthday is in March and so is mine . We 're basically the same person .
negative	" Man behind 5th - grade insults in @USER hot take a " " senior editor " " ... which explains a lot about Rolling Stone HTTPURL "
neutral	Jose Abreu drove in two runs and scored one for the White Sox on Sunday . : Jose Abreu was 1 - for - 4 with a run sc ... HTTPURL
neutral	Nicki is gonna open with trini dem girls on the pinkprint tour in south africa on the 2nd leg
neutral	I guess Milan may get some complimentary tickets to the CL final at San Siro . That 's the only way they 'd see Euro football .
positive	" Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day ! Hot DIGGITY Dog ! All day tomorrow , it 's BUY ONE HOT DOG GET ONE FREE ! We ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER Eid was on the 17th which was supposedly in Bradford right ? ?
neutral	" LONDON , Aug 24 ( Reuters ) - British finance minister George Osborne will take the government 's campaign for reform of the European Union to "
negative	@USER You are a bitter man ! Who brought about the Good Friday agreement . Did he manage that without talking to IRA interests ?
positive	Hola Sweeties . Happy Wednesday . Had a great night at Yoga and Pilates last night and it was great Mandi joined me . xxx :D
negative	@USER Alex Kim Kardashian worth how to love Kim Kardashian she 's so bad Sun Conure to
neutral	Good Monday Rockers ! Today we are going to discuss the best robots in TV / Movie History . Rolling Stone magazine ... HTTPURL
negative	" My mom sat down and told me that no matter what , if Kanye west becomes president we are leaving the country "
neutral	" Kluber takes perfecto into 6th , but Tribe falls : Kris Bryant hit a walk-off home run with two outs i ... HTTPURL #fanrates "
positive	" HOME RUN JOSH HAMILTON ! ! ! #Rangers get on the board first , lead 2-0 in the bottom of the 6th #LetsGoRangers "
positive	I finished first at TimePlay when I saw Ant-Man tonight . I think I may have peaked . #AntMan #DreamBig
neutral	" The Norse believed that during a thunderstorm , Thor rode through the heavens on his chariot , thus the verse " " Thursday 's child has far to go " " "
positive	Kendrick Lamar 's Black Friday is flame Only he can go that hard for 4 minutes damn
negative	Either live within the laws of Nigeria or you take a hike to Iran where you have publicly pledged your allegiance to HTTPURL
neutral	James is going seeing the Foo Fighters tomorrow and I am very jealous
negative	I have officially lost any microscopic shred of respect I may have had for Kanye West . He is the epitome of ignorance .
neutral	I wish Milan make an attempt to sign Candreva in January
positive	I write a letter FOR you At THE meet on 30 APRIL 2016 Milan :) @USER @USER @USER
neutral	" Based on all the tour groups I 've encountered so far ( including my own ) , I think I may be the only Mainline Protestant in Israel . "
neutral	This may come as a surprise : Paul Dunne is n't even in the top 50 in Golfweek / Sagarin College Rankings : HTTPURL
neutral	FACT : The core of Carly Fiorina 's support comes from people who knew nothing about her before 4:59 PM on Thursday . #CheckHerRecord
positive	" @USER I wouldnt care if you sat on Prince George 's head infront of Kate & Wills , you 'd still be one of the fittest UK celebs around "
neutral	" Remember when Soulja thought he was Lil B , then Gucci , then Chief Keef , now he tryna be the 4th Migo ctfuu "
positive	@USER * Laughs and takes it off before resting on top of Thor 's chest * You 'll buy me more dresses tomorrow . * smirks and kisses him -
neutral	Sat at Dunkin until almost 1am just talking to @USER and checking out hot police officers . #FriendshipGoals
negative	Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges in fatal car accident : Prosecutors have recommended the TV star f ... HTTPURL
negative	Indian Congress party leaders Sonia and Rahul Gandhi are due to appear in court on Saturday in connection with ... HTTPURL
negative	" @USER @USER not a Trump fan , but note this tweet is from January 7 , date of the Charlie Hebdo shooting . "
neutral	@USER Will the patch be delivered together with the 5.1 update for Moto G 1st Gen or separately ?
positive	Niall 's charity drive for @USER is at 44 % now ! Donate and spread the word please ! Just a few more days ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Now the Yankees are primed to be swept . They face David Price tomorrow . Yea , I know , they hit him well . He 's way too to not change that up . "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER I believe this was from the Charlie Hebdo attack . Current attack happened Friday night .
positive	Ca n't decide if I 'm more pumped about the crowning of a new Miss USA tonight or the All-Star game on Tuesday
positive	" #Brewers Ryan Braun went 2 - for - 5 , left on base four times and hit his 23rd double of the season . #MLB "
neutral	" @USER @USER Related , I 'd now to like see Tom Brady , another 6th round pick , tweet the exact same thing "
negative	" @USER @USER @USER C'mon bro , you know Rousey is n't this hot "
neutral	The world is literally going to end before we get new Frank Ocean HTTPURL
neutral	I can't believe Murray has to play on the junior varsity court in the 4th round of the U . S . Open
neutral	I just want someone to call me tomorrow & do that whole scene in twilight when she 's asking how old Edward is . My true friends will do this
neutral	@USER @USER it could be Theresa May or George Osborne I think ?
neutral	I swear Dustin Johnson has led just about every major after 1st 2 days . Then goes on to tank it . @USER
neutral	And they 're gonna do a joke where someone from the cast tries to take Zayn 's spot and I 'm going to laugh angrily HTTPURL
positive	" Do n't forget tomorrow ( Sunday ) is the Lords Day , Christians attend Church on the Lords Day ! If you do n't have a ... HTTPURL "
neutral	#beritaterkini Bryant 's HR in 9th lifts Cubs to 9-8 win over Rockies : Kris Bryant 's two-run homer with two out ... HTTPURL
neutral	" NY Post also wrote #Knicks 2nd - round pick Willy Hernangomez will be playing in Sevilla , which is untrue . He is with Real Madrid this season "
negative	@USER My thriller shows what the stupid deal with Iran may deliver . Please read . HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	Dunkin will be the love of my life tomorrow
neutral	I 've always been slow at reading books . Currently trying to power through the rest of Paper Towns as I 'm seeing the film tomorrow
negative	Saudi Arabia will behead 2nd teen protester - Business Insider Governance by the peaceful ? HTTPURL
negative	" @USER BBC must be disappointed about " " Bloody Sunday " " ! ! It was years ago , when are you going to get IRA in Court ? Leave our troops alone ! "
negative	If I do n't get an A or B on the bio final on Monday ima cry myself to a dark room and watch twilight
neutral	#rivalryweek 2 out of 4 today Mets beat the phillies Yankees lose to the Red Sox on a 9th inning 2 - out grand slam robbery
negative	" @USER @USER man , looks like it wwont even be ready by the time i go to work tomorrow morning :( should have left my PS4 on "
positive	" wanted to say that you 're my beautiful little idiot , you may be as funny as Harry but it 's cute . P . S : Niall loves his princess ;) @USER "
neutral	" So a quick trailer .. going to finally upload my " " Bridal inspired look " " on YouTube tomorrow ( I wore this on EID ) #share HTTPURL "
neutral	" Not something , even the victors can not see [ the mind ] . Not nothing , it is the ground of all samsara and nirvana . - 3rd Karmapa "
neutral	" Hi Karly Briana : nalumfe , D0 u want to get FREE iPh 0ne 6 ? Please kindly check my bi0 . Thx HTTPURL "
neutral	" Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh spoke to journalists in Lagos on Monday , on why he took the Eagles job and his ... HTTPURL "
negative	' Last Friday Night ' does not depict a healthy relationship with intoxicants . do not invite Katy Perry to your parties
positive	" My professor plays a " " jammie jam " " w / every new lecture topic . Today it was Changes by David Bowie . My 1st thought was " " this was in Shrek " " ... "
neutral	Milan just got its 1st same sex second-parent adoption HTTPURL #adoption #family #Italy
neutral	@USER who do you guys think is going to win the Brock Lesnar v Undertaker fight on Sunday ?
neutral	@USER Hi there . Sorry for the late revert . On the behalf of Ira . I am here to assist you . May I know y ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Drew Barrymore will be at the Cedar Hills Powells tonight . Amy Schumer is here tomorrow night . Twitter , youre failing me . "
neutral	Sunday by Earl sweatshirt ft . Frank ocean still the GOAT
positive	" Paul Dunne on walking up the 18th hole at St . Andrews as a co-leader : " " That was about as much fun as anyone could have in golf , ever . " " "
positive	Seriously CANNOT wait to see josh Hamilton play Monday . Favorite player in the game .
positive	WWE 's 12 Rounds 3 Lockdown with Dean Ambrose may actually be a decent movie ... maybe . #WWE
neutral	" Just tested my Moto G ( 2nd gen ) for the ' StageFright ' exploit and it is vulnerable , so I changed to a patched SMS app , and set as default . "
neutral	" For the 1st time , Hindus declined to less than 80 % population whereas Muslims increased by 0.8 % . #Census2011 HTTPURL "
neutral	Cate Blanchett may join the Marvel universe ! Do you think she 'd be a good fit ? HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	Dark times by the weekend and Ed Sheeran may be the best song I 've heard in a while .
neutral	Kris Bryant two-run HR ties the game at 4-4 his 22nd of the year #Cubs
neutral	Mayweather congratulates and insults Rousey at the same time : Floyd Mayweather may know who ... HTTPURL #AndroidPortfolio
positive	I fucking love Seth Rollins and would be so happy if he walked away with two belts next Sunday .
neutral	@USER OK that 's going to damn far . Leave Prince George alone and we may still get a pic here or there.Keep it up and we get nothing
negative	Saudi Arabia sentences woman to death by stoning for adultery but the man gets off with just 100 lashes : A mar ... HTTPURL
neutral	" For you @USER - Sibling-wed Game with Scott and Chris Evans , Part 2 HTTPURL "
positive	" When Tom Brady comes out to Public Service Announcement on Thursday night , I am 100 % going to cream my pants "
negative	Shout out to @USER for being the worst movie since @USER ... Sharknado has a chance to reclaim the title tomorrow ...
negative	#MichaelJackson died in the care of Conrad Murray a whole #83Minutes before Murray called 911.The TRUTH coming Thurs HTTPURL
positive	Paper Towns is finally out in the UK tomorrow ! ! HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER the IRA are not a religion they may be predominantly Catholic but it is not a religion not comparable
positive	If anyone wants to go see Paul McCartney in concert with me on Oct 13 you would literally make my entire life :) ) )
neutral	" There 's the 1st and 2nd suplex of the match ! Brock Lesnar just screamed " " SUPLEX CITY BITCH ! " " #SummerSlam "
negative	Sounds like Frank Gifford just did not wake up Sunday morning . Just a guess from what I have read .
positive	" #FCFILMMEDIA Moto G ( 3rd Generation ) : A Perfect Smartphone : Moto G , the most liking brand name by youth , comi ... HTTPURL "
negative	@USER @USER very soon Iran will be the 10th . Who will be the first to start a nuclear war Iran or Russia ?
neutral	1st encore song they did together @USER Kenny Chesney & Jason Aldean at the Rose Bowl HTTPURL
positive	My dad just bought him and I v . i . p tickets to see Paul McCartney in October and I am so fucking stoked
positive	" Have a little Chris Evans , everyone . It 's Friday . You deserve it . HTTPURL "
neutral	y'all are gonna get spammed af on tuesday for the sam smith concert
positive	" On 15 Aug 2009 , U2 ' s 1st UK gig on their current tour broke the attendance record for a Wembley Stadium concert with over 88,000 spectators ! "
positive	" Happy 2nd birthday to Prince George ! ! ! With the mention of birthdays , comment below with your little persons ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER but yeh we r going to Ramen-San downtown tomorrow ( Murray and Chris and I ) get my # from that girl @USER
positive	" @USER Hav n't heard it for ages ; SLIVER - Nirvana ; 1st Nirvana tune I heard , & ' danced ' to , in a Sheff . ' club - & still a great tune "
positive	My 21st is gonna be a day or two before Eid al-Adha . All I can say is I 'm expecting a huge suprise on Eid
positive	Good night everypony ! May Twilight give you nightmares from her newfound power ! #MLPFiM #brony HTTPURL
neutral	" Syria claims Israel hit 7 Hezbullah targets , Hezbullah denies it , Israel has no comment : It may have been anot ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I have n't seen any of the Sharknado movies but I 'm guessing it 's sort of like this . HTTPURL
neutral	" The Bee Gees ' third album was called " " Bee Gees ' 1st " " when in fact , as I have just said , it was their third album . #beegeesthirdalbum "
positive	" I know it may sound strange to many , but it 's incredible how Iron Maiden music made me relax #music "
positive	" I have tickets to see The Vamps on April 1st , should I try to do a fan project with signs to hold up ? "
neutral	Red Sox have 2 on 1 out in the bottom of the 8th ! Cash them in please ! #rallytime
neutral	" My chum has 2 etickets for Foo Fighters at MK Bowl for this Sunday , but illness is stopping them going . Up for face value #foofighters "
positive	" @USER @USER Can confirm first-hand , Paul McCartney was fantastic on Friday night . Worth dealing with the human detritus . "
neutral	Everyone refresh so we can break Taylor 's Bad Blood record for most views in 24 hours ! C'mon Beliebers we can do it #WhatDoYouMeanMusicVideo
neutral	Iron Maiden new single . Will you tune in ? #ironmaiden #speedoflight HTTPURL
positive	My 4th time playing Thinking Out Loud by Ed Sheeran . I love this song so much it 's one of my wedding songs
positive	Just when we thought comical @USER was the chief clown . Big words as explosions at Eid prayers . Do 1st ! ! ! HTTPURL
neutral	" fanwars between Kpop fandoms will always happen kahit anong pigil natin . Pero at the end pag may outsider na nagbash satin , sino yung + "
negative	If Kanye West becomes president I may move to America ... So I could flee the country .
positive	@USER yeah i still remember their HQ at Hongdae . So small . So happy that they r the 3rd largest company in Kpop now
positive	" Morning Sunday lovers . In the words of David Bowie - I 'm happy , hope you 're happy too :) x "
positive	" @USER National Hot Dog Day is tomorrow , according to that calendar you found . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Though when Ice Cube said something and the whole audience laughed , I did n't know if they were laughing at the meme or the FRIDAY reference . "
neutral	" I 'm going to @USER at Fabrique in Milan , Italy - Apr 12 HTTPURL "
neutral	Republican presidential hopeful Scott Walker spent the Saturday afternoon touring central Alabama . HTTPURL
neutral	This may well be the end of my tv and PS4 controller but I am gonna play some AW . Wish me luck
neutral	@USER it 's always against no doubt Kane will end his drought on Saturday
neutral	Feels like a weird twilight zone today ... Mid Christmas and new year with a slap of Monday on top . Very odd
negative	Celebrity Big Brother : Daniel 's eviction stirs up bad feelings in the house : Daniel Baldwin may have left the ... HTTPURL
positive	The Twilight Sad @USER The Barras with some of the best folk on Saturday is gonna be something special
positive	@USER Politics Hope you decide to have Carly Fiorina on the debate September 16th . A lot of people would like that .
neutral	" Kragthorpe : Colts will overtake Patriots in AFC : Tom Brady may have won , but the New England Patriots have los ... HTTPURL "
positive	Sunday July 19 is National Ice Cream Day ! Come celebrate with a free scoop of ice cream at Altman 's from 1 to 6PM ! HTTPURL
positive	The #ByeFelicia scene is brilliant in @USER considering that it originated from #Friday which @USER directed and Ice Cube wrote
positive	Sharknado 3 tomorrow . Sorta like the best day ever .
neutral	The Bee Gees ' Stayin Alive ' was originally named ' Saturday Night ' but the band decided there were too many songs with that title already
neutral	The signals for Axel Witsel to Milan are negative at the moment but they may make one last attempt before the window closes . ( via @USER )
neutral	Selling 2 Jason Aldean & Kenny Chesney tickets for this Friday at Gillette Stadium $ 79 each ! Direct message me if you are interested !
neutral	" Whether or not you agree with Iran 's FM , it 's a good piece of writing . Love " " petro-fuelled perversion of Islam " " . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Front-runner Donald Trump guaranteed in Fox 's GOP debate Thursday , but Ohio Gov . John Kasich might not make cut . HTTPURL ^ JC "
positive	Happy to see the Patriots stick to the ' Wednesday ' tradition of not just Tom Brady talking but food for the media #pizzaday
neutral	" Tripping the Live Fantastic by Paul McCartney ( CD , Nov - 1990 , 2 Discs , Capitol ) HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	" SAT STAT : Tom Brady is set to make his 14th straight opening day start , the longest active streak in the league . HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER I 'm playing Dark Souls tomorrow . What have you been doing tonight ya shit ?
negative	" Tiger Memon rang up family on July 30 before Yakub 's hanging : Instead of grieving for his brother who was about to die , Tiger was ta ... "
neutral	Rather have that than the colab with Kendrick . HTTPURL
positive	Night out with sister and some of her friends from work . Sat on corner of table next to some bloke in a Foo Fighters T Shirt . Absolute Vibes
positive	Ca n't wait to hear people talking some new ish about Kanye West tomorrow
neutral	Transfusing young blood into the veins of the old ? Wow . Sounds like George Osborne 's budget to me . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER John Cena like never seen before.With this aggression Cena will rip apart Seth Rollins n be the 16th time champ #RAW
neutral	Listen to Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday by TopDawgEnt #np on #SoundCloud the whole industry been in shambles HTTPURL
neutral	' Paul McCartney ' appeared on Saturday 1 at the 19th place in the Top 20 of Chicago 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
negative	" Just gonna say it : The lyrics in " " Bad Blood " " sound like they were written by a 7th grader . " " Done " " does n't have two syllables , Taylor . "
neutral	" @USER I do n't get it , they hate Christians and march for Islam , Christians may not agree with their lifestyle but we do n't kill "
neutral	" Ok . It does n't have the " " Not Afraid " " story , but know that pic is from January after the Charlie Hebdo shootings . "
neutral	Me meeting Lady Gaga for the 1st time : HTTPURL
positive	Hi @USER ! I absolutely loved @USER ' s testimony of faith about Frank Gifford on @USER this Mon AM . Beautiful tribute !
negative	" But Miley , what IS good ? I think Nicki needs an answer on her desk by tomorrow morning if you wanna keep ya scalp . "
neutral	Josh Hamilton ( knee ) was activated but the #TexasRangers may only use him as a pinch-hitter down the stretch . HTTPURL #MLB
positive	@USER lol alright I 'll add you when I get on tomorrow . And you should get the new Naruto in Feb . so I can flex you bro .
neutral	It 's hard to see Zayn up there bc he look like the sun #zayngetofftheroof
neutral	" Well , HTTPURL had a decent Tuesday opening at the box office . Will it beat Ant-Man over the weekend ? HTTPURL "
neutral	" I honestly think Napoli will take 4th , then it 's just a free for all between the likes of Milan , Fiorentina , Torino , samp , Genoa , the Veronas "
negative	" @USER Also , his anger against Hindus are justified but could n't get why he was so anti Islam .. may be he was just fed up of religions "
neutral	" @USER Sep , como Rise of the Tomb Raider , Mighty No . 9 , Homefront , Naruto Storm 4 , Dark Souls 3 y un largo etc . xD "
neutral	" @USER may Briana carries his child , but he has been carrying Eleanor on his heart for 4 years , thing that he 'll never do with briana "
neutral	" @USER you may be accurate there but Rousey 's next fight is just too early , Holm needs more fights before getting walked on "
positive	@USER . Am all a nurves rack waiting & watching the time.Sunday is going to be a CRAZY DAY & I CAN'T WAIT TILL JOHN CENA WINS 16X BELT
neutral	lowkey scared that Calibraska wont be released in Australia bc it was meant to be released 3 hours ago when it turned Friday but it didnt ..
negative	" 8 November 1987 . An IRA bomb exploded before a Remembrance Day service at the Cenotaph in Enniskillen , Norhtern Ireland , killing 11 people . "
neutral	I hope Gatlin only * appeared * tired in the 4x100 . Will need his best for finals . Gay killed that 3rd leg though . LEGGO ! #USATF #Beijing2015
neutral	" BREAKING ! ! Eagles storm Port Harcourt for Niger friendly : On Tuesday , the Super Eagles tackle the Mena of Nige ... HTTPURL "
positive	Brock Lesnar will be facing the Undertaker on august 23 make sure not to miss all you WWE fans out there.It could be the best match ever ! !
neutral	@USER I reckon Kane will get off the mark on Sat then he 'll be buzzing again c
neutral	went into saturday night planning to hook up with greg and ended up hooking up with shawn instead i do n't know how that happened but okay
positive	I wish the universe could see a David Bowie film / musical scripted by @USER and directed by Danny Boyle . HTTPURL
positive	Go Set a Watchman - the highly anticipated second novel by Harper Lee is in stock and available for pre order today . - Pick up tomorrow .
positive	" Tomorrow 's national hot dog day , @USER . Does @USER count as a hot dog , @USER ? If so , let 's go ! HTTPURL "
positive	Dana White announcing Holm v . Rousey scheduled for July 9th . Ca n't wait for the rematch
positive	" @USER Shawn , your girlfriend is so pretty ! She 's got a sexy pout goin on . I wish y'all were going to be on the air tomorrow ! "
negative	" @USER @USER Seen the line under the video ? " " Saudi Arabia ' may jail woman who posted video of husband cheating with housemaid ' " " "
neutral	" On July 4th , I posted a video of the 80s pro wrestling entrance theme music of Hulk Hogan , titled ' I Am A Real ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Movies with Milan | Edge of Tomorrow With Tom Cruise , Star Wars and More HTTPURL #RT #Follow #HHN24 "
positive	Frank Gifford may have not been the most skilled game caller-and he didnt have to be in 3 man booth-but always brought elegance to TV sports
negative	" 15 august black day for Sikhs , Muslims , Christians & minorities in India . #FreedomForKhalistan #GayHind HTTPURL "
positive	" Kris Bryant is going to be 1st player to win Collegiate PoY , MiLB PoY , and an MLB RoY in consecutive seasons . Few have even done 2 of 3 . "
negative	the 13th is niall 's birthday and the day rowyso ends better start preparing my funeral
negative	" OK I may regret this question , BUT ... why is WBC protesting a Foo Fighters concert ? And do n't tell me it 's a ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Listen Kendrick hard but that last Album was weak af yal can remove yal lips from his dick cause the 1st Album was wayyyyyy harder
neutral	" Kim Kardashian 's Butt Gets Its Own Emoji : When Kim Kardashian launched her new emoji app Monday , the reality s ... HTTPURL "
positive	" If McGregor and Rousey are scheduled on December 5 in Dallas , I will be there even if it 's just by myself . "
neutral	What Frank Gifford passed away ? My condolences to you @USER and your family . May you feel The Lord surround you during this time
positive	Sun setting on the Columbia river while the Zac Brown Band wails out Homegrown ! #theshit HTTPURL
positive	" @USER @USER " " I have just one question ... Are you ready ? " " " " Ready for what ? " " " " FOR THIS SUNDAY NIGHT AS CHAMP JOHN CENA .. " " "
positive	2 world exclusives happened on @USER last night ! Rpt Mon at 9am ! Now off to ' Eid in the Square ' w / ZeeTV :) HTTPURL
positive	Next Song Can we Dance of The Vamps ! Speaking of the Vamps sino namimigay ng ticket jan ? ! #ShowtimeHarana
neutral	@USER Where do Muslims in Ireland stand on the ' Repeal the 8th ' referendum ? Do you / they support the murder of the unborn ?
positive	@USER I cant wait to see how you will break a Seth Rollins nose or her knee in summer slam on tomorrow only and triple h oh man
neutral	" Now officially Brock Lesnar 1st lost being pinned or submitted since his defeat against the game Triple H at wrestlemania 29 , 2.5 years ! ! "
positive	I really care to think about what I need to do going forward ... I 'm excited to be able to go out there and do it . Tom Brady on Sunday .
neutral	we all gun have problems if you do n't watch Sharknado 3 tomorrow though ...
negative	Rahul Gandhi talking about politics and policies is like studying for CAT from a 2nd grade teacher . @USER #FakeIntolerance
positive	" Marnin ! Started my day with 7 Sun Salutes , ( Yoga position that sounds like a cocktail ) & a foam roll , ( gym equipment that sounds like cake ) "
neutral	My mon said that She uses Kpop for her soft feet .. she does n't know what / who they are #DirectionersFuneral
neutral	' Tom Brady ' appeared on Friday 4 at the 3rd place in the Top 20 of Dallas-Ft . Worth 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	Wearing an Iron Maiden shirt from the 7th grade because I do n't have anything else thats clean nice
negative	" Hilary Benn , the Tory press may love you for your betrayal but you will be playing Tony Blair in Chilcott 2 "
negative	" 29 November 1989 - The UVF gunned down IRA man Liam Ryan and Michael Devlin at the Battery Bar in Ardboe , Co Tyrone HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER have you ever been to an Ed Sheeran concert ? Bc I just got back from my 2nd one and I almost passed out
positive	" Vincent Enyeama celebrates 16th wedding anniversary with sweet words : Super Eagles goalkeeper , The post Vincen ... HTTPURL "
positive	Long live the independent #bookstore . This one is recalling Watchman . HTTPURL
neutral	We 'll be on the air tomorrow night at 7pm EST w / @USER & John Rare plus our take on Hulk Hogan Studio : 213-816-1605 @USER
positive	Calibraska tomorrow I am so excited it 's going to be amazing HTTPURL
positive	Eid is September 24th and Drake is releasing his new album that day this will probably be the best eid gift I 've ever received alhamdullilah
positive	" Nice ' W ' tonight with @USER shooting 38 , Milan 44 , @USER 45 , Chet 48 against FM . Be ready tomorrow as we take on the Buccs "
neutral	Anyone want Jason Aldean tickets for Friday ?
neutral	@USER only ones I can think of as a possibility are Ed Sheeran or Sam Smith . Ed 's your ends on the 9th and Sam 's the 12th ..
positive	" Love David Wright , but he may be one of the most un-clutch player in the Major Leagues "
negative	" Since the crash happened in February , that means that they can't charge Caitlyn jenner with manslaughter if Bruce jenner commited the crash . "
neutral	09 Nov : Selena Gomez with Amy Schumer the 25th Annual Glamour Woman Of The Year Awards in New York City
positive	" Finally sat and watched it . David Bowie 's #Blackstar is PERFECT . More of this , less of everything else . "
positive	It 's August 11th . Have we all forgotten about the Frank Ocean record ?
neutral	Kanye West confuses me this kind of made no sense LMFAO but I must say it had me cracking up HTTPURL
neutral	@USER we will have no regrets and may Allah ( SWT ) grant us the strength to always identify as Muslims with Muslims against all odds .
neutral	My brother just told if Tom Brady was still suspended for 5 games he would still pick him up 1st round @USER
neutral	#DixieYouthWorldSeries : Virginia ( Prince George ) training South Carolina 5-0 top of the 3rd .
neutral	" The Sun has been trying to push this whole " " End of 1D " " mantra since Zayn left so they can get credit for being the first to say it "
positive	" I got 3 options on Friday Suck it up and watch Fantastic Four Watch Ant-Man , again Or watch Mission Impossible : Rogue Mation "
neutral	" December 23 - Lady Gaga arrives at the airport " " LAX " " in Los Angeles HTTPURL "
neutral	" Miguel Montero with a go-ahead RBI single in his return from the DL , scoring Kris Bryant . The #Cubs lead the #Giants 4-3 , bottom of the 5th . "
neutral	Long Shot Call : Frank Ocean 's new album will drop at the Apple press event on the 9th .
neutral	@USER did you see that Paul McCartney is coming to Columbus in October
positive	My copy of Iron Maiden 's new album will be with me tomorrow :)
positive	J.Cole and Kendrick Lamar 's collaboration album drops February 16th . Will it be the best album of the decade ?
positive	Happy 22nd Birthday my sunshine @USER . Love you more than Niall loves golf daddy ..
negative	9 children roasted to death after Boko Haram attack on Cameroonian village : Boko Haram members yesterday July 19th attacked the borde ...
neutral	@USER @USER Fear among Muslims may be plausible yet unwarranted ... But Dalits are becoming the biggest supporters of modi .
positive	Look forward to auld Guy * battering fuck out of ye in the SFV beta tomorrow . * Going mental on here because it does n't play like Dark Souls
neutral	" Halfway through the 2nd , Kings lead 45-32 . Collison , McLemore , Gay , Landry and Cousins on the court . "
positive	" @USER lol do you Mia , do you . Back in my day we skipped band on a Monday to see Ed Sheeran & came to school the next day to tell every 1 . "
neutral	@USER actually I was at the 3rd or 4th one . Do you remember which show was Milan ?
negative	Prince George may be a little reptilian fuck who 's from a family of inbreds but he 's bloody ADORABLE COS HE DRESSES LIKE AN OLD MAN
positive	So glad tomorrow 's my last day at Dunkin
neutral	I dreamt I was sitting on a couch with louis watching this show and then Briana came in and sat down and I JUST RAN AWAY SO FAST
negative	i 'd rather go shopping for baby clothes with briana tomorrow than go to work
neutral	@USER @USER That may be different Rahul Gandhi with same parentage . Who knows ? Nehru-khan dynasty has many romantic story :)
neutral	Is it true that Zayn might be performing tomorrow at the VMAS
positive	Your were awesome Frank Gifford Monday night football is n't the same
neutral	I went by my moms in Atlanta for my 26th and she just knew we was going to a gay club asking ha friends we said hell no we like str 8 clubs
positive	I really just found out that Kim Kardashian and Kanye had their 2nd baby like 10 days ago . Where the hell have I been ? LMAO
neutral	@USER This may help u understand the SCOTUS acted lawlessly in their gay marriage decision . HTTPURL
positive	Rob Brantly did what ALOT of White Sox have not been able to do . Runner on 3rd less than 2 outs and he brings him home with a sacrifice fly
neutral	Hey @USER yes I Want to win 2 free tickets to see David Price & the #BlueJays Monday Night ? #FreeTixFridays
neutral	please can someone remind frank ocean that it 's now July 68th and we have yet to receive a new album ?
positive	Shawn with little kids may just be the cutest thing on the face of this planet HTTPURL
positive	We love you Elton @USER @USER Thanku for loving Israel as we do HTTPURL
neutral	" The 95 National was mentioned a lot this week , there was a reason it worked at 5pm on a monday ... To show the IRA they could n't stop racing "
negative	12000 contestants for February election in Iran . 11909 are US backed dummy candidates to split the Ahmadineijad 's votes . @USER @USER
neutral	" Leket Israel 's 6th annual gala , " " Harvest for Hope " " , is about to begin at Avenue Hall . HTTPURL "
positive	" Paul Dunne is the real deal , some feeling for the lad walking up the 18th fairway to that reception leading #TheOpen #CoolnessPersonified "
neutral	@USER Sam plays for a team on a sun - Niall plays too . If he fancies it let me know m8 .
neutral	" Albums you may have missed : X Factor , Iron Maiden HTTPURL "
neutral	Who 's going to Jason Aldean on Friday ?
neutral	" Oh look , Iran is actually complying with the Nuclear treaty agreement ; HTTPURL #tcot "
neutral	@USER I think it has to do with fan attacking Dean Ambrose Saturday night
positive	May as well throw Hulk Hogan in the top 10 too .
positive	" @USER Monday night , I watched Monday Night Raw instead of the Tigers game . Brock Lesnar destroying stuff is more entertaining . "
negative	@USER Could this be Islam 's 5th column ? Very few women and children in any of the photos we see . HTTPURL
neutral	" There are two type of Christians , ones that go to church every sunday , maybe pray once a day then there are the friends of God ... "
neutral	@USER the 4th said to Naruto that it was because he was his son and he was confident Naruto would control the 9tails
neutral	anyone want to go to Foo Fighters - Sat 5 Sep - Milton Keynes ?
positive	Good morning Internet ! Happy Friday ! Heres a good song for ya . Make sure you love yourself ... advice from Kendrick . HTTPURL
negative	Ice Cube 's N . W . A diss makes Drake 's Meek Mill diss sound like it was written by an 8th grader . Geez .
neutral	The temptation to sin is strongest among Christians on Saturday because they know forgiveness is just a stone 's throw away .
neutral	" Muslim-Sikh unity is evident in the very core of Sikhism . The 6th Guru of the Sikhs built a mosque for Muslims , now known as Guru Ki Maseed . "
positive	" I want it to be Friday and to listen to Calibraska , each day more proud of jack and jack "
neutral	" Caitlyn Jenner on #theneeds , check it out ! HTTPURL "
negative	" In a world where Kanye West is president and Miley Cyrus performs a song saying she smoke pot and love peace , I may as well kill myself ! "
positive	" 442 - my brother in Islam , may Allah make the trials of being a revert in this world easy on you . Much love for you "
neutral	Tomorrow my Diamond Dogs limited edition PS4 and MGS V arrive . Sadly a day later than it should be : c
positive	@USER i 've just bought your album tomorrow i 'll buy the tickets for your concert it is so intense can't wait to see you in milan mygod
negative	" Your shameless , disgraceful propaganda war against the 2nd Amendment . Hey ISIS , @USER is yankee Charlie Hebdo , and they 're unarmed . "
neutral	Kane 's teasing us with this shearer thing . Triple backflip into the corner flag at the stadium of light on Sunday
neutral	" @USER According to media , it may or may not be bad if Kanye West did run for president . We 've had entertainers participate before . "
negative	Nothing to do with Islam . #lonewolf mental issues . Family issues . Nothing to do with Islam . Preprepared excuses HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER Oh c'mon , he said Wonderful Frank Gifford . Like the guy is wonderful ? ? ? Duh ! ! ! "
neutral	" Nicki may be thinking it 's better to confront her , as other people will think they can try it too . Which is true . Just my opinion . "
neutral	" Have three tickets to Jason Aldean and kenny chesney Friday night , let me know if you 're interested "
neutral	It would be sick if kc changed the song b4 1st period to john cena 's intro song #dr34mz #ucntcme #WRESTLEMANIA
neutral	@USER Run the Jewels and Kendrick took 1 and 2 . With Modest Mouse in 3rd . Bit of a genre shift there ...
neutral	Louis is going to be seen with Briana tomorrow
neutral	" @USER @USER I saw the movie Sunday , Curtis . Max looks like a hybrid of Jesse Eisenberg , JP from Grandma 's Boy and Marilyn Manson "
neutral	Iran may have Chinese companies export oil to Mongolia : Mongolia has requested oil from Iran and it is possibl ... HTTPURL
negative	" @USER who hears that Kane may have sexually assaulted someone and thinks " " I should call Chicago and see if he 's available " " ? ugh "
positive	All about Paul Dunne and Padraig Harrington on this fine Monday morning .
negative	July 27th 2015 - the day all the women who find Dean Ambrose attractive died
neutral	I have 3 tickets to Jason Aldean tomorrow ... 1 in the 100 section and 2 in the 200 section lemme know if you 're interested
positive	Tomorrow is Monday . Do ... do ... do ... do ... do ... do ... it 's just ... Another Day by Paul McCartney HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	" Floyd Mayweather made $ 300 million in the year to June ' 15 , far and away the most an athlete has ever earned in a single year "
negative	" Dunkin ' Donuts , you were such a huge disappointment to my taste buds that I had to walk over to a nearby Taco Bell to get a 2nd breakfast . "
neutral	Miss Oklahoma won the Miss USA pageant on Sunday HTTPURL
neutral	What would happen if Thor just sat his hammer down on top of somebody ?
neutral	@USER your cup must runith over with ideas for your column tomorrow Murray !
positive	Eid is incomplete without these people . 1st day of Eid at Darul Sukun . #Blessings #Love #Care HTTPURL
neutral	Amy Schumer Opens Up About Man That Tried To Date Her After Criticizing Her Looks : Amy Schumer sat down with T ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Try as hard as you may , you are going to walk in the flesh at times & sin . " " Christians at best are people , and people at best are sinners . " " "
positive	@USER @USER I 'm making a surprise day long visit tomorrow shhhh ( what do you want from dunkin bc dad said munchkins )
positive	Ed Sheeran tomorrow ... the tears and the excitement is crazy
neutral	Niang fires just wide with Milan 's first true chance . 18th minute . #SilviosChampagneFootball . #MilanVerona
positive	I just think when Shawn dances to his own music it 's hilarious HTTPURL
neutral	" Welp , going to need a PS4 by March . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Photographer Nabil Elderkin on Shooting Kanye West , Nelson Mandela and War : Complex has sat down with esteemed ... HTTPURL "
neutral	LEAVING ON SUNDAY ... But I still have a Jason Aldean ticket for $ 30 ! ! ! Let me know if ya want it
positive	" Mannn , Kendrick may be better than Future , but I would rather listen to Future am day of the week . "
neutral	Anyone want to see Paper Towns on Thursday ? ?
neutral	" @USER She was like , " " Yah , yoga pants are important " " . Now on to next part to meet with all the doctors on the 14th and set a date . "
neutral	Gucci gob it certitude may sprout the yoke yours signifying gangway additive in transit to consultant flaming : ...
neutral	Happy b day @USER made it home Gucci I better see you tomorrow fool !
neutral	It 's NFL kickoff but you do n't like Tom Brady so come to @USER and my show next Thursday 9/10 @USER ! Get tix HTTPURL
neutral	Most stores requesting new Sunday liquor sale permits in Prince George 's County are near the D . C . border HTTPURL
neutral	... Yakub may well deserve the finding of guilt . The courts may well have rendered the correct judgments in the ... HTTPURL
neutral	" And , last night , I tweeted this article I wrote after Charlie Hebdo in January . Here I am doing it again . HTTPURL ( 1/4 ) "
neutral	" @USER @USER No Thanksgiving break ? ? We have the week off ! He may not like U2 , but he is supportive of the obsession ! "
positive	David Wright leading off the bottom of the 5th . Two walks so far tonight . Let 's see more ! #Mets
positive	Please feel free to jump on the bandwagon tomorrow and support Paul Dunne . Off 2.30 pm . #longlunch #proudmoment
neutral	Katy Perry flashes huge lovely cleavage in going down dress as she steals attention from ... : Katy Perry may n ... HTTPURL
neutral	Rousey fight changed to Nov . No big deal . They could fight tomorrow and it would be the same result .
positive	" @USER Thursday is Thor 's day , if you wanna get picky about it you 're gonna need to rename the days of the week too "
neutral	Chuck Norris does n't wear a wat . h . HE dec ;d es what time it is .
neutral	" Hey , do you still remember about Meat Free Monday program by Paul McCartney ? How is it ? "
positive	" Happy Saturday ! Blue Skies all around the Port ! Gallery open today 10am to 5pm . #maineart #lovekpt #art " " Curtis ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I told my son who was a fan of Hulk Hogan that it 's alright to be disappointed and mad at him but down the line he deserves a 2nd chance .
neutral	" Hulk Hogan Polling 2nd Place in Republican Primary : Hulk Hogan may have lost his job at the WWE , bu ... HTTPURL #Fukushima "
negative	Only idiots wont want revelation about Boko Haram . So Dasuki knew the secrets all along but loved killers more ? ! HTTPURL
positive	" Thursday is NATIONAL HOT DOG DAY , and just like every year we are celebrating with our own truly American combo ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER Real Madrid have a 1st choice GK who was 2nd choice last season to Casillas . Man Utd have the Spain number 1 . MU stronger
neutral	Floyd Mayweather ranked his top five boxers . Where he puts Muhammad Ali may shock you : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" I know Kris Bryant can play 3rd and play it well , but I just do n't think he has the instinct to play it at the level others can . #Cubs "
neutral	" Osman Guiterriez ( 1.50 ) tossed 6 innings of 1 run ball as the DSL #BlueJays were blanked by the Red Sox , Wednesday . HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER @USER it 's crazy what happing in Middle East , 1st it was only just Israel nowit 's spread & ppl killingtheonetheylived 4ages "
neutral	@USER I 'm going to Jason aldean on the 26th of sept orrrr rascal flats on October 2nd !
neutral	@USER I 'll tell you more tomorrow but Miley was throwing shade at Nicki and Nicki just called her out
neutral	" @USER @USER Johnny Cueto , Scoot Kazmir , David Price , Cole Hamels . If they had a top pitcher in the A ` s 3 games may be they would have won "
positive	a group of little kids acting out the first ever Black Friday is this going to be rdj & chris evans acting it out
positive	" @USER Thank a lot to you , David , for the magic music night in Milan on 2nd last ! ! ! We wait for you back ( with orchestra ) "
neutral	People of Cirencester ! Tomorrow is the day before The Day ! Last chance to pre-order Go Set A Watchman at Half Price . HTTPURL
negative	Floyd Mayweather has caused outrage with his ' top 5 boxers of all time ' ... Ali is only 4th . This is ridiculous ! HTTPURL
negative	The attacks in #Paris come 10 months after the Charlie Hebdo shootings that left 17 people dead . These attackers picked Friday the 13th .
neutral	still looking for one person for Ed Sheeran Thursday night in Tampa ! ! the ticket is 85 .
negative	" On some real shit its August 9th and frank ocean still has not dropped that " " album " " and I 'm honestly truly truly pissed the fuck off "
neutral	" On Tuesday , Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi Hit out at the government over the National Herald case and ... HTTPURL "
negative	" Still tired from Eid on Friday , it 's a shame I could n't eat much bc of this nasty germy thing "
positive	Kendrick Lamar reminding us all why he 's king . HTTPURL
neutral	Would you rather be a Muslims 1st wife or 16th wife I rli just duno
positive	" #KCA #VoteJKT48ID CaroleMc 87 : Happy 2nd Birthday to Prince George , the wee dote HTTPURL "
neutral	#Dbacks #Brewers . Lucroy grounds out to 2nd base . 2 outs . More boos for Ryan Braun as he walks up to the plate .
negative	Tony Blair sees his millions as modest : Yes he is such an honest geezer ( #shouldbesecyioned tbh ) ~ HTTPURL #FreakyBliars
negative	I 've a bad feeling Simpson 's plot in the 2nd half of the season is #JessicaJones equivalent of ' Thor 's vision quest ' in Age of Ultron
positive	yesterday I bonded with a 9th grader over our mutual love for justin bieber and disdain for non-iphones
neutral	Dean Ambrose & Roman Reigns needs to find a 3rd man going up against The Wyatt Family
positive	Tomorrow is a great day . New Iron Maiden album AND Illinois Football season opener .
neutral	Wish the BBC would 1 . wipe the cameras 2 . Stop showing Paul Dunne lining up his shots from the 17th at The Augusta National all day
neutral	@USER Bradley still batting 9th . That tells me a lot about the Red Sox .
neutral	" Gay marriage was made Constitutionally legal on June 26 . Regardless of your beliefs , you must follow the law . HTTPURL "
positive	" You definitely wanna check in tomorrow for #TheCruzShow , Ice Cube will be talking to us ! 5-10 AM only on @USER you already know ! "
neutral	@USER @USER talking about Muslims tomorrow morning ? Are you sure it 's the right show ? ?
negative	" @USER @USER Tiger is in the terrorist haven under the protective arm of Pak ! So u may tweet " " Hang him ! " " ! Is Yakub innocent ? "
neutral	Music Dispatch : Gorillaz May Collaborate with David Bowie HTTPURL #yesplease #love
neutral	Wtf ! I 'm happy to see the video and all but why do you have to mention Zayn in every thing 1D does . Dafuq ? HTTPURL
neutral	Tuesday night doubleheader ! Come by for the games : Red Sox @USER White Sox starts at 7:10 & Cubs @USER Giants at 9:15 ! HTTPURL
neutral	New theory : Frank Ocean canceling @USER is a PR stunt . He shows up with a heartfelt speech and drops his album on Saturday
positive	Good lord the food in Italy is so damn good .. Found a random cheap spot in Milan .. Venice tomorrow ! HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci raft conscience pomposity june wave the bifurcated thine body at accruement until special pleading vivid ...
negative	@USER @USER @USER I am sure they can find it hidden in the 14th Ammendment next to gay marriage & so-to-be-legalized pedophillia
neutral	@USER @USER you just saw Shawn last Sunday
neutral	Ok ... that 's about all I can take for today . I gotta watch sharknado in parts . I 'll finish watching the rest tomorrow
neutral	Check out the Christmas trading times for the Eagle Farm Markets ! Do n't miss the Twilight Fresh Market on Wednesday ! HTTPURL
neutral	Advice to each #GOP candidate in order of how I think they finished 9th place John Kasich Contrast with Bush more #gopdebate #tcot #p2
positive	" Morning everybody - weather 's great , and I hope you all enjoy this Tuesday . As U2 would say ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Selling One Jason Aldean Ticket for the Darien Lake show on Thursday August 13th ! $ 46 . Contact me if you are interested !
neutral	" Gay and Christian : What the Bible REALLY Says - 2 Part Sermon September 13 and 20 - Trinity UCC , Concord . 11am ... HTTPURL "
positive	" We have two tickets to see the ZAC BROWN BAND on Friday , September 4th ! Anybody interested ? Like , Comment or ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" NEWS : Floyd Mayweather Buys the Most Expensive Car in the World : Good news , everybody : Floyd " " Money " " May ... HTTPURL #GCPR "
positive	It 's the holidays and I 'm going to Milan tomorrow so cheers guys HTTPURL
neutral	" You may not be allowed to speak to Justin Bieber " " no refund " " I 'd rather buy 2,000 things from the 99 cents store HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER Just like Christians with their bible , Americans are cherry picking the 2nd amendment . #gunsense "
positive	#Sport - Floyd Mayweather puts in more hard work and dedication ahead of September fight before posing with a ... HTTPURL
neutral	" #OTD 1965 Bob Dylan played ' Like a Rolling Stone ' with electric guitar + rock band live for 1st time , prompting boos . HTTPURL "
negative	What was the need to @USER ZAYN ? How thirsty are you bitch ? HTTPURL
neutral	My parents just told me that I 'm going to a Gay Marriage tomorrow .
positive	" We just sold our 1st copy of the limited edition Rise of David Bowie . Now there are only 1,971 copies left : HTTPURL "
neutral	Working these 11 a days lol about too pay off @USER it 's al.out time PS4 should be in the spot this Thursday
neutral	Carly Fiorina campaign on fire as she surges up to 3rd : HTTPURL #tcot #carly2016 HTTPURL
positive	" Radio just played U2 ' s " " Bad " " . Which rarely happens & is one of my very favorite songs of all time so my day may have just peaked very early . "
neutral	Wonder whether it 'd be a good idea if sis and I went to the movies tomorrow to see Paper Towns .
neutral	" Hunter S . Thompson said in the February 15 , 1973 issue of Rolling Stone , " " If I 'd written the truth I knew for the ... HTTPURL "
positive	Who 's going to see me at gay pride tomorrow in AUSTINNNNN ? ! ? !
positive	" Lol Paul McCartney tomorrow , definitely do n't believe it still "
neutral	@USER that 's joke because you did n't know who he was before me and erik told you you sat in your room wanking over nirvana .
negative	I 'm probably jynxing it . But David Price has a no hitter going into the 4th
positive	10 Randy Orton RKO 's 1st one is the best one @USER HTTPURL
neutral	become a father . The 1D fandom is a majority of teenagers with hormones that may not be controlled and they say things they want . If Briana
neutral	Dustin Johnson 's caddie should do the old hockey trick where every Sunday he tells him it 's Thursday all morning so he shoots mid - 60s .
positive	They say D3 surpass BB on 6th day bcoz of Xmas holiday but forget BB has benifited from EID holidays #WOW
positive	" @USER " " yes ! C'mon , who knows ? We might run into naruto and our other friends " " turning my head with a quirky smile . "
positive	i hope frank ocean knows that the final day for grammy submissions is september 30th
neutral	My whole timeline is the osu Vt game and I actually know what 's going on cuz Shawn has sat me down to watch it :-)
neutral	: His family has done it with humans .. all I want to BowBow is .. Rahul Gandhi may try to divide us on breed lines now . HTTPURL
positive	mistletoe by justin bieber is my jam all year round i do n't care if it 's july imma have that song blasting by the pool
neutral	Vma 's might be using Zayn for promo or may be he is actually going .
neutral	What I tell you bout Gucci slander on Sunday 's ? HTTPURL
positive	@USER We as Christians may loose many battles but Christ has already won the war and in the end we all win and our inheritance awaits
neutral	" Dragon 's Quest Heroes : The World 's Tree Woes and the Heroes You Know Trailer , coming to PS4 in Oct . HTTPURL #PlaystationMVP "
neutral	wait guys what if they show Shawn singing idekyn on Kelly and Michael tomorrow because he sang that last time but they did n't show it ..
positive	" What 's nice about CY pitching tomorrow night , he wo n't lose focus like Ventura did after Thor singled . We can't go to a game 7 with YV "
positive	Watching Sharknado with Kaden . This is the 2nd one I guess ... surprising .
neutral	" INDIE GRIND NEWS Cara , Michelle - On July 5 , Cara Delevingne hit the red carpet of the " " Paper Towns " " premiere in S ... HTTPURL "
negative	ok but louis hasnt been seen with briana since like what march ? ? ? he is never with her and he looks so uncomfortable when interviewers +
positive	" Fresh off the fight of the decade , this Saturday Floyd Mayweather is back to defend his Welterweight World Title ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Gucci pants himself store january lay open the span thine atomic irruptive concomitant so that cons comburent : ...
neutral	" Oh look , it 's rehearsal for live action Naruto . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Floyd Mayweather is showing no signs of letting up ahead of what might be his last fight this September , sharing with his army of fans the "
neutral	@USER As our CS team have explained the last shipping date for delivery to Saudi Arabia was December 3rd
neutral	@USER I had to drop a finger cause Zayn is gone and it was like March 25th all over again .
positive	Did you know that ' Janet Jackson ' was Trending Topic on Thursday 3 for 8 hours in Calgary ? HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	@USER @USER Are there going to be standing tickets for sale for The Vamps on Saturday ?
positive	in 4th place : Gay men and the battle to be happy | by @USER | HTTPURL | HTTPURL
neutral	SAD asks Rahul Gandhi what action he has taken against Congress leaders for Nov 10 congregation #Pb @USER @USER
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER Kane gets hurt tomorrow . You really want Chadli / Son playing 99 % of striker till May ?
neutral	" I have 1 lawn seat for sale to Jason Aldean Friday night , if you 're interested message me ! "
neutral	" 2 Million ppl tuned in on avg for the @USER game Fri , 3.1 million @USER the peak , @USER do n't tell me there 's no $ to resign David Price ! "
neutral	Eight-run 2nd inning for the Yankees and I 'm just sitting here laughing at the Red Sox futility
neutral	" @USER Luck , Maziel , Winston , Brewer , RG3 , Farve out of retirement , Tom Brady in 6th rd , & VY as he came back 4 his degree ... "
positive	@USER Like Chris Evans is so hot like dude you 're hotter than the sun .
positive	@USER thank you mr B.Netanyahu may the Lord bless you and family and Israel and God land 's of chosen
neutral	@USER Iron Maiden 's new CD features a song about the R101 crash . No word yet if Charley or The 8th Doctor is mentioned . #StormWarning
positive	I may watch the VMAs just to see Nicki 's performance but dassit
neutral	" @USER I think anything featuring Hulk Hogan may be on it 's way out , so I 'd better hurry . "
negative	Red Sox may be the best worst team ever
neutral	Cate Blanchett speaks during the 7th annual Governors Awards ceremony . HTTPURL
neutral	" 2.0 launches to tomorrow and the download sizes are quite big , 18GB on both Xbox One and PS4 . "
positive	Kim Kardashian 's ' Kimoji ' app broke the App Store : Kim launched Kimoji 's Monday - - Kim-themed emojis - - and the response was crazy .
positive	I liked a @USER video from @USER HTTPURL Mike Tyson : Floyd Mayweather lost the fight in September 12
neutral	" Floyd Mayweather defeated Manny Pacquiao in an unanimous decision on Saturday night , with all three judges in Las Vegas agreeing on a "
neutral	" @USER I 'm afraid you may be right , Abid ! I 've heard that WWE Management may have a Match Between Seth Rollins vs Triple H at WM32 ? "
positive	" Only 2 more days of spirit week left ! Tomorrow , in preparation for the new movie , Star Wars day ! "
neutral	" Well , sm years ago in Milan stadium , showers of yellow lights for healing the grasp . May be just a coincidence but Milan losed . Hi . "
neutral	" Why is it u never hear , " " ... the so called Muslim . " " ? It 's always the 1st thing someone says when pointing a finger at Christians . #KimDavis "
positive	Only thing getting me through the week is seeing Tom Brady 's sexy ass play on Thursday
neutral	You can't have country music without Chevy . Sing along with Zac Brown Band this Saturday at Hersheypark Stadium . HTTPURL
negative	" Probably not going to make it to yoga class tomorrow , seeing as how I can't fucking sleep . I was doing so well too ! "
neutral	Do n't get me wrong I think Ray Rice deserves a 2nd chance in the NFL and in the court of public opinion but Ryan Braun can't have that smh
neutral	" The story of the time Frank Gifford was an anonymous guest on our show , Monday morning on @USER "
neutral	Frank Ocean better not joke about tomorrow
neutral	" Jon Stewart got into the action at WWE 's SummerSlam on Sunday , bashing John Cena with a chair . HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" HTTPURL Diversification is a good thing , but buying gold bullion to put in your IRA may be taking it too far ... "
positive	@USER no shit ? he looks awesome . Randy Orton in the 2nd one made me uncomfortable .
neutral	" Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar , found with @USER . Listen now : HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER @USER Dear Peter , trust me ... We know you mean well ... btw Boko Haram , Food , Power , Education , Hospitals ... C'mon "
neutral	Isaiah Thomas tweeted that he worked out with Floyd Mayweather on Tuesday .
negative	" I may not be a Freddie Mercury fan , but gotta say that the idiot Kanye West just got schooled HTTPURL "
neutral	" * * Throwback Thursday - Venice , Italy * * In 2008 I traveled to Milan to study a summer fashion course . Over the ... HTTPURL "
neutral	#ufc #mma UFC responds to Floyd Mayweather 's shot at Ronda Rousey : The UFC just stoked the flames . On Thursday ... HTTPURL
positive	She surprised me with Jason Aldean Tickets for tomorrow night ! ! !
positive	@USER Hey Curtis ! We 're hosting a chat tomorrow at 2pm around BC skiing . Would love if you could join in : HTTPURL
neutral	Anyone want to buy tickets for the friday Red Sox game ? Hmu HTTPURL
neutral	" Soooo my friend , Mari , is selling two Sam Smith concert tickets for $ 275 to his concert in the Maverick Center in Salt Lake on October 2nd . "
neutral	" Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi did n't turn up , Dec 19 is summons date for Gandhis , Sonia says she 's not afraid and #NationalHeraldCase "
neutral	British Open updates : Amateur Paul Dunne among three leaders : Paul Dunne walked off the 18th green at St . Andrews on Sunday with a sh ...
negative	" @USER NOT ! ! ! Hopefully Big Brother will kick you , Vanessa , Liz and Julia out before Thurs cause you all have plans to split the money ! "
positive	First two days of EID Went best . Swimming on first day Bar-B-Q on 2Nd now on a trip to Larkana on 3Rd day :) ... HTTPURL
positive	" I may not remember where I was the day Kennedy was shot , but I remember jerking off the first time I watched Katy Perry 's " " I Kissed a Girl . " " "
positive	" 5 Takeaways From ' Civil War ' Trailer : Robert Downey Jr . and Chris Evans stopped by " " Jimmy Kimmel Live ! on Tuesday night to make a " " bi ... "
positive	I 'm going to see the Foo Fighters tonight in Edinburgh ! I expect to be 10 % a better human being tomorrow morning ! ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER yeah . I just expect cyborg to accuse the UFC and Rousey of being afraid of her when the dec fight does n't get booked .
negative	" Like Frenchies , the only way George Osborne and May can beat @USER is by cheating & backstabbing . #samething @USER "
neutral	Marty 's Dogs of Miami : Marty 's Dogs No . 171 - In Praise of the All-American ... HTTPURL Tomorrow : National Hot Dog Day . Eat up !
neutral	" #JummaMubarak to all Muslims , May Allah forgive us in this Holy day ... Ameen ! HTTPURL "
negative	" #Obama wants visa waivers for travelers from Iran ? Sure , heaven forbid we disrupt the travel plans of terrorists . HTTPURL "
negative	" I met Harry , Liam and Niall on 26 March , the day right after Zayn announced he 's leaving , the boys looked heartbroken #5monthswithoutzayn "
positive	Hurry up Minneapolis Janet Jackson unbreakable tour tickets just a few left hurry up . MINNEAPOLIS November first HTTPURL
positive	Kane is going to a jobs fair tomorrow and I just read the first CV he 's ever written . It 's awesome ! Is give him a job :-)
neutral	National News - Oklahoma Wesleyan University Is Now the 2nd Christian College to Leave CCCU Over Hiring of Gay ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER if you have any more info as to the location I would deeply appreciate it sir Thank you kindly re : Chris Evans on mon
negative	" I do n't understand the narrative that Thor owned the game because of that first pitch . The Royals got to him in the 1st & 2nd , right ? "
positive	" Tomorrow , tomorrow , I 'll sell you , tomorrow , Watchman 's only a day awaaaay . #GSAW #GoSetAWatchman #Annie doors open at 8am , see you then ! :) "
neutral	" First day back at work proper and it has been manic and fuck it , I 'm booking that to go see the Milan derby in Jan as a late bday trip ! "
positive	" John Kasich , I may not agree with you but I now have no doubt the I respect you immensely "
neutral	@USER Might see you on Saturday as Sunday will be hectic . I 've got a flight today then from London to Milan tomorrow !
positive	#Cubs Miguel Montero hits his 13th home run of the season and brings home Anthony Rizzo and ( R ) Kris Bryant . #MLB
neutral	" @USER Fountains of creativity , initiative , talents . What #BDS et al want to disrupt . Turn Israel into 2nd Syria ! "
positive	" Frank Gifford , the legendary sportscaster , has died , his family announced Sunday afternoon . He was 84 . - Dave HTTPURL "
neutral	Floyd Mayweather will go toe to toe with Haitian-American boxer Andre Berto on September 12 in his final fight - bad luck Mundine #nochance
neutral	i only have three books left and i 'll go back to milan on the ninth of september they are n't going to last enough
positive	The Miss USA questions portion may be the funniest thing I have ever seen
positive	Ill always remember Frank Gifford calling the Monday Night Football games ! ! #Salute
neutral	I just got tix to Jason Aldean : Burn It Down Tour on Sep 4 . Let the countdown begin ! @USER HTTPURL
neutral	Oliseh becomes the first Nigeria football figure to ring a bell at NSE : Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh visit ... HTTPURL
neutral	Monday on CSN : White Sox return home for series with Red Sox - HTTPURL
neutral	" I want to quit life and just audition for ' Sharknado ' movies until I land a role . At this rate , they 'll be up to Sharknado 100 by Dec . "
positive	@USER that it is a huge deal and omg Zayn went there and was sat next to this Valentino guy like WHOA
neutral	i was gonna spend this time reading the article I was assigned for class tomorrow but it 's been 40 minutes n i 'm still screaming about nicki
positive	Thank you Joey Votto ... Thank you my good friend .. and thanks for that 4th out Kris Bryant ... how you doin Cubbies ? ? HaHa #serieswin #Reds
positive	Great round @USER for Paul Dunne #doingirelandproud can't believe I 'm going to miss the last day tomorrow
neutral	When the gay marriage thing went thru I sat next to a bunch of politicians that stated he was all about the smaller things in life
negative	" And even after all the petitions , all the hearings , someone will say tomorrow that Yakub did n't get a fair trial . "
positive	" Sunday is National Ice Cream Day , here 's a sweet treat you can make at home HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" #RahulGandhi " " Rahul Gandhi ji present on the 31st Plenary session of INTUC at Talkatora stadium , New Delhi . HTTPURL "
negative	Curtis is right : #SJSharks forwards coasting back to the D zone is not a formula for success . 3rd line did n't distinguish itself there .
neutral	" @USER so did many and IRA bomb , these people are now free from prosecution under the good Friday agreement #whatsfairforone "
neutral	Thursday 's top stories including the latest in the lawsuit against Rolling Stone and Sabrina Erdely HTTPURL
positive	" Off to Edinburgh today , so excited ! Foo Fighters tomorrow night , I 'm so ready to rock with the guys ! @USER "
neutral	" Rehab update : Kirk Nieuwenhuis and David Wright score in the 4th to put the Mets up 2-1 . Kirk reached on a BB , Wright on a fielders choice . "
positive	this work day needs to be over vacation starts tomorrow ! first stop jason aldean with my sisters and roommate @USER @USER
neutral	" @USER Applying sun tan lotion in a cave with Katy Perry ? My wife will make sure I never listen to 94.7 again , lol @USER "
positive	Kim Kardashian launches Kimojis including image of her bum : It may just be the ideal last-minute ... HTTPURL Daily Mail UK
neutral	Its been a N . W . A and solo Ice Cube music kinda day ... gonna watch Straight Outta Compton tomorrow .
neutral	We should have listened to Zayn about the 21st of August
positive	Ca n't wait til Next week I 'll be back reunited with the PS4 yall players safe til September 25th doe believe dat
neutral	" @USER Sorry to hear that , Naruto . Hopefully things will turn around for you very soon . And good luck with 1st semester ! "
neutral	Why are people looking forward to Foo Fighters tomorrow and not the fact it 's my birthday ?
neutral	RIP Frank Gifford . Monday Night Football has never been the same without you . #Turnoutthelightsthepartysover
neutral	Pretty sure it 's from American Greetings . I may have bought the Dean Ambrose and Roman Reigns cards yesterday . ;) HTTPURL
neutral	Dustin Johnson leads PGA Championship : Dustin Johnson hits a drive on the 16th hole during the first roun ... HTTPURL #PGA
neutral	David Wright doing David Wright things . On to the 13th still 5-5
neutral	@USER so with you buy tickets for Saturday to see Flo you 'll only see her and Kendrick ( I 'm not sure but it 's what I understood when
negative	Legitimately crying at the KSU football hype video that transitions directly from John Cena 's theme to that sad Friday Night Lights music
negative	' BBC warned George Osborne it would have to axe BBC 2 and BBC 4 due to cuts ' | Media | The Guardian HTTPURL
neutral	Ambassador : Azerbaijan may join the Islamic Coalition : The country has received an offer from Saudi Arabia . / articles / politics / 103758
positive	" Hy-Vee Shoppers ! We have a great deal coming on Thursday for you ! Thursday , July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day . So ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Zayn may have left , but the boys do such an amazing job covering his parts .. #EMABiggestFans1D HTTPURL "
neutral	It 's Thursday so a new Naruto comes on today ! ... but it 's only a filler
neutral	YO ! Dean Ambrose is in 12 Rounds 3 ... I still have n't seen 12 Rounds 2 ... I love the 1st movie with John Cena #Smackdown
neutral	@USER @USER anyone old enough to remember May Pole dancing Christmas & Easter now we know more about Eid than our traditions ! !
negative	#smdh .. see how shady America is .. 1st they were pouring out love for Caitlyn Jenner .. now reading all the HATE FILLED tweets .. #pathetic
neutral	" Stewart says hes gonna tell Brock Lesnar how he feels , lol #WWE #SummerSlam Results - HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" Barry and Alan are on your Sunday Night Request Show and about to launch into some Nirvana and " " Come As You Are " " Head banging optional ... "
neutral	I 'm sure Murray will win the 3rd set but not sure if he would win the match .
positive	Kendrick Lamar released Black Friday approximately 6 days ago I have listened to it precisely 10485839193 847 times since then
positive	" 1st impression of Kanye West music : Creative , great bass beats but it was better when others sang on his songs . Nice beats , though . "
positive	1st goal for Milan this season by Bacca . And it 's his 1st goal with Milan . #MILEMP
neutral	David Bowie 's New Album Details : Tony Visconti recently sat down with Rolling Stone ( HTTPURL :/ ... HTTPURL #IndoWantsBlink182
neutral	@USER @USER @USER I get it . You 're like the caster version of Chuck Norris . You 're just waiting for @USER Championship Sunday
neutral	@USER @USER @USER yep lets put Carly Fiorina in the WH & the ladies who run March for Life on the Supreme Court . Right ?
negative	I Stayed Up All Night For The 4th DLC For Advanced Warfare On PS4 And its 3am About To Be 4am And it 's Still Not in The PlayStation Store ?
neutral	#SummerSlam tomorrow night Can the Undertaker FINALLY beat Brock Lesnar ?
neutral	" Give orders to the children of Israel to give you clean olive oil for the light , so that a light may be burning at all t ... "
neutral	I have n't seen Shawn since July 15 and I miss him and everything about him
neutral	Miss USA or prom queen the world may never know
positive	@USER Re-read TKAM on the train to Truro ( long time since I read it ) . Will start Watchman tomorrow . No spoilers pls ! :)
negative	I do not like Kanye west . Yes I may like a few of his songs but other than that he 's an idiot
negative	So Briana is allowed to smoke but not allowed to take photos by fans because it may affect the baby oKAY THEN .
neutral	Hope there 's a bit of fireworks between Undertaker & Brock Lesnar tonight on #RAW before the big explosion at #SummerSlam this Sunday !
positive	" @USER I like it here . A couple beers deep , I 'm rockin ' like the rest . It 's good stuff . Female Iron Maiden cover band here next Friday . "
positive	@USER nah I 'm prolly jus gonna get the Gucci foams that come out on Friday
neutral	" I 'm watching YouTube cuz I gave up with my PS4 and GTA , so no gaming with @USER today but hopefully it will work tomorrow "
neutral	David Price 's last start against the Yankees on April 22 : 2.1 IP | 10 H | 8 ER | 3 BB | 2 K HTTPURL
negative	" My father will not suffer thru the sun all day & pay UG fees for me to go & become a self proclaimed " " Jihadist " " . Islam will be disappointed "
neutral	I can't believe I just sat through Ant-Man again
neutral	Who will be evicted . Steve or Johnny Mac . Find out tomorrow at 8/ 7c . And who will return to the game ? Find out on Big Brother ! #BB17
neutral	" New African force set to take on Boko Haram soon : Nigerian president : In a related development on Tuesday , the ... HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER well at the end if the day , gays do n't wanna go to war with Christians ... however it looks like they may have thrown the first punch "
positive	[ OSHODI ] Oliseh delighted with Super Eagles test game - Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh has expressed pleasure at the p ... HTTPURL
neutral	: SETH ROLLINS MEET AND GREET TICKET FOR SALE August 22nd 3PM Barclays Center ... I can't go and will let the ticket go for retail $ 154.00
positive	@USER @USER I went to 2 Zootv gigs at the MCG 1 gig I was 4th row I was so close to U2 I was 25 my voice was gone yelling at U2
neutral	Re-reading #HarperLee Mockingbird now ; soon to discover the new #AtticusFinch Go Set a Watchman and now there 's more HTTPURL
neutral	" When I say EXO is " " GAY " " New EXO stans are like , " " NOOOO ! " " Haha.The term may not be accepted by some new fans , but an old fan knows it very well ! "
neutral	" LMFAO Hulk Hogan really got fired on his day off . On a Friday , man . "
negative	" @USER In Islamic dictionary peace may mean sharing the surrendered woman , beheading the kafirs if refuse to convert to Islam "
neutral	Sunday AM Message - Being a Christian is more than just a name . God commands us to act like Christians . Find out ... HTTPURL
positive	So apparently Thor has a big surprise for me on Saturday and I can't wait to see what it is ! ! ! I 'm dying I 'm the most patient less person
neutral	Okay I 'm rewatching that new kurt cobain documentary and I have n't been this far up nirvana 's ass since the 8th grade
neutral	@USER c'mon .. do some poster chipkawing in Delhi about this ! media is too busy talking about yakub !
positive	Happy Thursday and here 's a picture of David Bowie from the old Tonight Show . HTTPURL
positive	hell yeah me and Niall gonna get turnt the fuck up on Saturday for Liam 's bday HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER Thor 's single with 2 strikes leading off the 3rd is what should tick them off .
positive	" Nirvana 's " " In Utero 20th Anniversary Super Deluxe " " is out today ! You can stream the entire album on Spotify . "
positive	Why do I feel like i 'm falling in love with Kendrick for a 3rd time ? This is weird . The dude just seems so happy and finally at peace .
positive	@USER Selling 4 Justin bieber standing tickets for the 20th of October in Manchester !
negative	#YakubToHang Matter of fate ; Yakub to be hanged tomorrow on his b'day . Apart 4rm all v sud nt forget dat he is being paid off 4 his sins .
neutral	White Sox open the 2016 season April 4 in Oakland . Home opener is April 8 against the Indians .
positive	" Congratulations to Olivia Jordan , who won Miss USA on Sunday ! ! Olivia worked with us for several years while at ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Zayn is a detective who may or may not have a thing for Liam , aw aw aw detective zayn with a thing for doctor liam would be so cute "
negative	Just realized that on my 18th bday everyone will be like hashtag 1 year since Zayn left and I 'll just be sitting in my room crying like tf
neutral	" Kendrick Lamar and the Alabama Shakes both have songs on the list but they 're in the bottom 3rd . Top 3rd ? Adele & someone called " " Fetty Wap " " "
neutral	Tomorrow we have yoga for early birds ! #Atmananda #Vinyasa Flow with Ragia at 7:30 am . Get your yoga on before work ! HTTPURL
negative	" Nieces were play Taylor Swift ... I submit that " " Bad Blood " " may be the worst lyrical train wreck in music history . Just abysmal shit . #Duh-un ? "
neutral	I wonder if @USER remembers the group or may have toured with Thor or have any stories about them ? HTTPURL
neutral	#businessinsider The State Department may have rewarded a key player in the Iran deal by lo ... HTTPURL #news @USER
negative	Saturday kitchen the moment Chris Evans ruins chef Jason athertons wife 's birthday treat live @USER HTTPURL
neutral	" this may be the one time , i 'm disappointed Ye is performing at a show on such short notice ... thanks a lot Frank Ocean . "
negative	" @USER be honest , if Ventura had thrown 1st pitch like Thor you all would be blasting him instead drooling on yourself ? #Royals "
positive	Tasting sawine for the 1st time on Eid yesterday . He enjoyed every bit of it ! @USER HTTPURL
neutral	Tom Brady will join us Tuesday morning . I would expect around 7 but the time has not been confirmed . HTTPURL
positive	I wish Sunday Oliseh and the Super Eagles players the very best in today 's encounter . #NaijaFootball
positive	" Congratulations to Shawn she contacted me , last week on a Thursday to rent a home and one week later she 's moving ... HTTPURL "
positive	Dunkin tomorrow morning is @USER only reason I 'm getting out of bed
neutral	" Can you update Diva renders ? The Bellas have 2013 ones , c'mon now . If y'all can remove Hulk Hogan , you could distract us with that . @USER "
negative	@USER You have no shame spreading the lies of enemies of Islam.Fear Allah . May Allah guide you otherwise distroy you .
positive	" @USER hiya , do you know when my tickets for Justin Bieber on the 20th of October will get sent ? "
positive	" Ten sports , Brock lesnar is win the fight.because he diserved it . " " BELIEVE THAT " " #Raw sunday dhamal "
neutral	" 1st time I 'm following a GOP presidential primary closely . Doing it now because of WI 's infamous governor and probable felon , Scott Walker . "
neutral	A federal judge has ordered a defiant Kentucky clerk to jail on Thursday after she defied the U . S . Supreme Court 's gay marriage ruling by
positive	" Paul Dunne , Danny Willett , Anyone of 25 players can win the Open tomorrow , exciting stuff , on that note Goodnight my friends "
positive	" @USER hey Nicki , wish me luck on my first day tomorrow ? Lol "
positive	@USER @USER Am i the only one EXCITED about Calibraska coming out July 24th ? ! HTTPURL
positive	David wright 1st game back and he goes deep
neutral	Saudi Arabia said Monday it was raising petrol prices by more than 50 percent for some products from Tuesday as ... HTTPURL
neutral	Any females copping the Gucci Foamposites tomorrow ? If so checkout our Passion For Fashion tee to match . HTTPURL
negative	" Muslims , you 're so good at marching against religious persecution why do n't you go to Syria and March for the Christian 's . Show your honesty "
positive	Thor the dog loves Tuesday night D & D . HTTPURL
neutral	I 'm going to take a wild guess and say that Paper Towns is out tomorrow ?
negative	" totally intended to boycott Miss USA show , but how in the world did Maryland come in 5th ? ! Three of those other girls gave terrible answers . "
neutral	Are you confused about Scott Walker 's position on the 14th Amendment ? So is he . HTTPURL
neutral	" Unconditional support from Iran , US , Russia et al has of course nothing to do with it .. HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER we play in the semis on Friday at the Curtis culwell center I do n't know what time yet !
neutral	" I 'm calling it NOW , Monday , August 17th 2015 , 9:45 PM Brock Lesnar will make Undertaker tap out . "
neutral	" If anyone is going to the Jason Aldean concert Friday night , please DM . Me and Gabe Foust need a ride . "
positive	" @USER Do think you 'll make a video on Dark Souls 3 when it comes out ? " " Praise the Sun " " "
neutral	Dana White confirms Cain vs Werdum II on the 6th of February 2016 Las Vegas @USER @USER @USER
positive	" Cate Blanchett in the Marvel universe ? Oh , we would LOVE this . HTTPURL "
negative	Uh oh . John Kasich just followed neon Twitter . They may not like what I have to say ... #Hannity #WakeUpAmerica
positive	" Of all the things I 'm envious of when it comes to professional golfers , Dustin Johnson 's strut walk may be at the top of the list . "
neutral	" Rangers add another run ; Josh Hamilton scores his second run of the night on a Chirinos safety squeeze . 4-1 Rangers , middle of 7th . "
neutral	" Frank Gifford , NFL Star Who Reigned on Monday Night , Dies : His temporary retirement came after he receive ... HTTPURL #NFL "
neutral	Football update 7pm Scrimmage game v JCM Tuesday night at USJ . Rumor has it that Chuck Norris and Hulk Hogan will fight at halftime .
neutral	Kim may have broken the Internet with her body ... but Kanye West just broke Twitter with his speech . #KanyeForPresident2020 #VMAs
neutral	@USER We think it 's ridiculous that Carly Fiorina is n't on the debate . She 's what 5th ? She should be on the main debate stage @USER
positive	It 's exciting to be in Israel when tomorrow there will be a general strike . I hope it helps workers in Israel ! HTTPURL
negative	" Seeing Hulk Hogan is just coming off a racist tirade , endorsing #Trump may not be his wisest move . "
negative	@USER @USER @USER @USER Maybe she did . She may not like being blamed for the accuser going to Kane 's house .
positive	And Shawn just said we can go to the commons on Friday so now I 'm happy (:
neutral	" @USER if Jordan Spieth or Dustin Johnson can be the LeBron of golf , I may watch in a few years . I want to see dominance in golf . "
neutral	" @USER I still have the file I typed up Matt went first , me 2nd and 3rd , so on - 1 . Beyonce 2 . Jennifer Lopez 3 . Katy Perry "
positive	Okay all I want is to meet Shawn at the airport because I have a game tomorrow and got vip but wo n't be there early
negative	how is it August 9th and Frank Ocean still has n't dropped his album
neutral	I still have the Jason aldean ticket for sale ! 1 lawn ticket at riverbend on August 23rd ! I will take the highest offer ! DM if interested !
negative	Sharknado was funny the first time . We humored them for the 2nd . But a THIRD ? Even I 'm not enough of a fan of bad movies to watch that shit .
negative	" Some guy is sat in the hotel lobby playing a guitar , sorry but you 're not Ed Sheeran "
negative	@USER mar jaa jakar tere maa baap ka jeevan sudhar jayega hahaha fuck off with mandana to iran u dont deserve to leave in india
positive	To all Christians on Twitter : have a blessed Sunday ! To ALL Tweeters : have a great day & happy tweeting !
positive	Wishing the best for the new Service Chiefs . May they find wisdom and knowledge to fight Boko Haram #GodBlessNigeria
positive	I 'm sure @USER are all a bit Mr Happy tonight seeing Chris Evans ' t shirt tonight on TFI Friday . #mrhappy HTTPURL
positive	" I knew that Escobar attacks 1st pitches , so there you go , hit this one .. Thor is a real life hero . #LGM "
neutral	So it 's totally possible Rousey wins quickly in November ( as usual ) then headlines the Vegas January 2nd card . @USER
neutral	Whereas his remarks praising the IRA make the rest of the country vomit HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Then are you willing to eat meat during Eid and Christmas ? ek din meat kha loge toh mar nahin jaoge .
neutral	me and Gisselle had plans to go see Paper Towns tomorrow but she wo n't reply to my messages HTTPURL
positive	Best of luck to @USER and Nicki doing the #RainbowRun tomorrow morning ! ! Have fun and get colourful ! #sundayfunday
neutral	Thought the Hulk would stay in hiding til the 3rd Avengers movie but he 's gonna be in Thor 's film which is just weird but whatever .
positive	" Just like Peyton or Montana or Rogers or Andrew luck , Tom Brady may not have 4 SBs but no matter where he was drafted Brady was gonna win "
neutral	" you should really think about your future * imagines playing holographic guitar for David Bowie 's 5th tour of Venus " " "
neutral	Bengaluru : Rahul Gandhi to interact with students over ' Building Vibrant India ' on Nov 25 HTTPURL
positive	Cool for the summer Good for you Lean on Bad Blood See you again HTTPURL
neutral	I 'm not sure what Rahul Gandhi is trying to accomplish with all of this HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci bags psychic apparatus mystery of mysteries january arise the twin yours separate from link in for ablaz ...
neutral	starting now : saturday nights main event : hulk hogan defends the wwe world series alone i would you have taken in the bit about ten deep f
neutral	" British Open : Monday 's tee times , TV schedule : Paul Dunne , a 22 - year-old amateur , has one stroke back from the ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER Bee Gees always been a FAVORITE ... Musical genius ! Their music soundtrack made the film , Saturday Night Fever . LOVE them ! "
neutral	" The markets have stabilised but the risks to our recovery remain significant , whatever George Osborne may say HTTPURL "
neutral	musicality / Sam smith - I 've told you now trying to create new choreo . may i tatry ako sa september 1 .
negative	" @USER 2.5 hrs of just sitting on flt 80 at DFW , will miss my connect to Milan . 2nd missed flight / connect today . Any update on plane ? "
positive	" Dustin Johnson rolls to a Thursday clubhouse lead in a major , of course : Perhaps it 's a good thing Dustin John ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Janet Jackson takes fans behind-the-scenes of her album cover shoot : On Thursday , the 49 - year-old ... HTTPURL #TheIrfanism "
positive	Happy Sunday to all Christians all over the world . we sing HOSANNA to Our almighty God .
positive	" Lady Gaga 's housewives intro makes the trans proud " " they may say I 'm a woman , but underneath I 'm all men " " "
neutral	Kanye West to do list : - become a legendary rapper / icon - run for president - take over the world - resurrect on the 3rd day
neutral	" Israel warns ties may suffer if Brasilia does not accept nominee Dani Dayan , a former head of the Jewish settlement movement "
neutral	" @USER you may have mentioned it before but are you a David Bowie fan ? if so , have you seen the video for Blackstar yet ? thoughts ? "
neutral	Probably for the 1st time the entire students would be present in #MountCarmel for free entertainment from Rahul Gandhi in Bengaluru
negative	Man i really wanna see luffy go 4th gear : / ANd fuck i hope naruto isnt another flash back i give 0 fucks about ur pass atm JUST FIGHT DAMN
negative	" Celebrity Big Brother starts tomorrow . I wo n't be watching , what a load of shit , the majority of them wo n't even be celebs . #shit #TV "
neutral	Today 's MLB Cheatsheet is live ! Ryan Braun is pumped about it . HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Call me behind the times but the Hulk Hogan stuff on Twitter recently has made my week and it 's only Tuesday . #HULKPLS
positive	wow ... @USER you guys have really gone far with your company . Sam smith ? ! ! ! Wow . I saw him on Sunday perform HTTPURL
negative	" Increased vetting of Obama 's " " Come to America " " Visa card ALL we need to stop the Iran deal ? GOP Wo n't go for it #tcot HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER Two good options , Xiaomi Mi4 and Moto G 3rd Gen , if you want dual-SIM , expandable storage , 4G , Moto G would be the way to go . "
neutral	" if it wasnt for Scooter , may be there wont be Purpose or worse there wont be a Justin Bieber anymore . "
negative	This statement may seem heartless but the refugees in EU are another way to over run the west with Islam
neutral	So Sunday Oliseh gets his first win as the Coach of Super Eagles after 2:0 win over Niger in an international friendly . #HaveYourSay
neutral	" Dustin Johnson on round of 75 : " " I hit plenty of good shots , just could n't roll it in . " " Says he needs something in 62-63- 64 range tomorrow . "
neutral	" i did not think about david bowie very much today . tomorrow will be different , i promise "
neutral	@USER @USER Think every band has thought of the name EARTH at one time . Do n't forget a UK Band had Nirvana 1st .
negative	I wonder if the Daily Rancid will be running a front page tomorrow on the bigot-fest at Ibrox . Or are they only worried about IRA tweets ?
neutral	" Yoga and Aging Gently starts tomorrow at 2pm with these mature , wise teachers . Aging gracefully allows us to ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Cost of running the 1st advertisement in Sharknado 3 probably rivals the Super Bowl . Nice play there , @USER . "
negative	" @USER @USER those that impose ! ! Tony Blair has made it clear in his apology but no ICC for him ne . 1st world warlords , Teflon Don "
neutral	Very saddened at the loss of Frank Gifford . Monday Night Football and Wide World of Sports . Some of you may remember his call of Evel 's jump
negative	" There 's a lot of stupid $ h ! t out there , but polling Trump v Kanye West may take the cake . All I can think to say is : # $ % # $ % $ # % # $ % # $ % # $ # $ # $ % "
positive	" May the food be with you on this Star Wars Day HTTPURL #StarWarsTheForceAwakens , via @USER HTTPURL "
neutral	Might go get a PS4 with @USER tomorrow
positive	@USER I may be on PS4 so make sure you give me a shout on here ;-)
positive	@USER really send ur story to SM or Kyuhyun they may give you a full paid trip to see them XD really that 's the good effect of KPOP !
neutral	" Tom Brady says he 's looking forward to running out on the field Thursday , focus on being quarterback , and put #DeflateGate behind him . #WBZ "
positive	Had a great time in Bloodborne today . Thank you to all the followers and subs ! ! Cya tomorrow for Dark Souls 1 and 2 NG-NG + 99 progress ! ! !
positive	" @USER at first I was worried about their 5th album without Zayn but if they are all like that , wow . "
positive	Just little old me in the paper today ! Here 's the Scoop : Sunday is National Ice Cream Day HTTPURL via @USER
negative	" Death threat to Justice Dipak Misra who refused Yakub 's mercy petition " " irrespective of the protection you may avail , we will eliminate you . " " "
neutral	Randy Orton may want to change around his #WWE schedule : HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	Hey @USER : can't wait for Sharknado 3 tomorrow night ! What is the name of your character ? Woo hoo ! ! @USER #GaryMartinHays
negative	ICYMI : CNN 's criteria for the next Republican debate may end up leaving Carly Fiorina out . HTTPURL
neutral	Prince George is two today . I hope he does n't angrily destroy his birthday cake like i did on my 2nd birthday #familylegend
neutral	" The Night Watchman 's Journal ... Scholar Who Walks the Night ... poor you sun , homin oppas do not like u .. they like night more "
positive	" Dunkin , hearing that we have half a day tomorrow , seeing angel after practice , finishing my hw before 6 , & seeing angel again "
negative	May the people who wear the horribly transphobic Caitlyn Jenner costume choke on their candy corn this upcoming Halloween
neutral	" @USER It 's from the movie " " Friday " " with Ice Cube and Chris Tucker . It 's just a new way of saying " " Get out of my face . " " "
neutral	" > Top 10 Shounen list > Does n't put One Piece , Naruto , Bleach and DBZ because it 's " " overrated and mainstream " " > Puts SAO in 2nd place "
negative	You mean I have wait until SHARKNADO 4 to know what happened to April ? ! This is bullcrap ! Bullcrap I tell you ! Ahhhh ! ! ! #Sharknado3
neutral	Really wish I was going to Jason Aldean at DTE energy on September 18
neutral	@USER Everything ok Curtis ? That 's the 5th time you followed and unfollowed me ... one more time and ...
neutral	Uh how is Zayn gonna party with Liam tomorrow when he 's still in LA ? I do n't think that 's what the pap was taking about
neutral	just sat in bed and watched a lot of Christians vines and even tho I 've seen them alI still laughed every time
positive	To the people ordering hot coffee at Dunkin rn : congrats on harnessing the power of the sun
negative	I can't wait until August 23 so that I do n't have to hear any more of the Zac Brown Band .
neutral	" Nice 1st pitch from @USER but HE should have been the one signing the ball for Josh Hamilton , instead of the other way around # # 1 "
positive	" Niall is so beautiful his blue eyes , his smile he shines like a star or a sun he makes my day he 's just so unconventionally beautiful . "
positive	" @USER Hi Eve , I hope you enjoyed Ant-Man ! Saverday Tuesday is all day & prices can be found here in future : HTTPURL "
negative	Liberals supporting Yakub today are the same guys who will support ISIS tomorrow ..
positive	Already in love with Ian and I 'm 12 min into the 1st ep . Why are the gay characters always my fav .
neutral	" @USER GOD bless you , may GOD use you to bring awareness to the fact that the attack on Christians is here . STEP 1 , silence us "
positive	honestly i will die if Briana gives birth on February 1st that would be the funniest thing ever
neutral	#Tucson Gay couple gets license to wed in Kentucky county - A gay couple walked out of a Kentucky courthouse with ... HTTPURL
neutral	rly want Ice Cube and O'Shea Jackson Jr . to star in a new version of Freaky Friday because also Friday
positive	" U2 , Foals and Chvrches all in the space of three weeks , roll on October / November ! "
negative	Morning from #Woking where it is a dull start but hoping for sun to break through later . Could n't stay up for end of Murray 's match . :(
neutral	Niall : plays song from 5th album Louis : Niall you 're a bad bad boy
positive	@USER And now my 2nd favorite Red Sox beat writer is recommanding it ... Cool !
neutral	[ MLBlogs : Just Mets ] David Wright to start at third base on Monday against the Phillies HTTPURL #Mets
neutral	" Thor 3 May Have A Female Villain , Here 's Who We Think It Could Be : While the Thor movies have featured women ... HTTPURL "
positive	" In 4 @USER on @USER 80 ' s Saturday Night . There will be David Bowie , Motley Crue & Christopher Cross so it 's obviously awesome . "
neutral	" Which Affiliation is gonna be the 1st to get ahold of and kill Suge in prison ... the Bloods , Crips , SA 's , Aryans , Muslims , or the CO 's ? "
negative	@USER I am confused you said you were praying Eid would n't be tomorrow .
neutral	@USER I hear u she due the 4th or whenever Milan feels like she 's ready to make an appearance
neutral	@USER @USER @USER Yeah if you 're going to get a Milan shirt then make it the home one . Or the awful gold 3rd kit .
neutral	I may get killed for this but I watched 15 minutes of pretty little liars . The girls acting ability is as good as the acting in Sharknado .
negative	" All those who petitioned for stopping Yakub 's hanging , may hang themselves ... This would be the best " " Shraddhanjali " " to him "
neutral	Haley Cox and I have decided we are going to skip the Jason Aldean concert this coming Friday . If you want our ... HTTPURL
positive	Perfect day : Seeing Sam Smith & Elton John then having a big slice of pizza after to end the night ... aka August 9th 2015 #OutsideLands
neutral	I might be able to see Shawn on Tuesday but I have to find someone to go with
neutral	Thank God we now have August 9th as the day Frank Gifford died instead of it being the day Michael Brown died .
neutral	" @USER Milan will buy in January . Y'all need a midfielder with outstanding vision though , else Bacca and Adriano will struggle . "
positive	" Kendrick is reinventing the rap industry , he may be not winning as much as other rappers , but shit that music is fucking worth it . TPAB "
negative	@USER @USER That was after the Good Friday Agreement . Their links go back to when the IRA was murdering and maiming .
neutral	Final thought : at some point Kanye West sat down his wife Kim Kardashian and said he wanted to run for president . What a time to be alive ...
neutral	Chat Chand Rat 4pm se Eid wale din subh 6am light band Eid k 2nd day 1pm se rat 2am light nahe thi Eid ka 3rd day 2pm light band hogai ...
negative	It 's a shame it 's not a historic march up the 18th on the final Sunday for Paul Dunne . Hopefully he be in as strong a position tomorrow . ...
positive	Monday Night Raw in 1 hour John Cena returns plus Brock Lesnar and The Undertaker in the same building could go wild on USA Network
neutral	" @USER I 'll go Kane in ... one of Mata , Fellani or Young going the other way . 2nd Benzema for DDG ... warm or freezing ? Neymar "
neutral	Tom Brady finally speaks out about the #DeflateGate ruling as he looks ahead to the season opener Thursday . #WBZ
neutral	Need a Friday marathon one of these weekends . Just laugh while Ice Cube 's belly gradually grows and his mean mug gets meaner with each movie
positive	Top Gear returns on 8th May ! Yes it 's Chris Evans and there will be 16 episodes . Clarkson 's Amazon effort will be great as well .
positive	Cole and Kendrick did with the Black Friday track . HTTPURL
neutral	" Luckily the boys do n't have a show tomorrow , really hope Niall will feel better soon :( "
neutral	WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Republican Governors Chris Christie and John Kasich on Tuesday grabbed the last spots on stage next to front-r ...
neutral	@USER She now goes by the name Katie Price & recently Celebrity Big Brother back in January .
neutral	" It appears that Kane is scheduled to return to WWE on Monday . What he 'll be doing , I have no idea . But my gut is ... HTTPURL "
negative	" Just move De Gea to Real Madrid , this world is crazy . Who cares about 23:59 just move him tomorrow please . "
positive	Beat the heat by taking advantage of National Ice Cream Day & do n't forget that #fundraising goes until July 31st . HTTPURL
negative	" To put things into perspective , 12 people died during the Charlie Hebdo attack in January . Today , the death toll is at 120 and rising #Paris "
neutral	Floyd Mayweather has Ali as only the 5th greatest of all time lmao what a joke
negative	My parents are in the 9th row at a Foo Fighters concert and I just got home from work wondering if it 's too early for bed . Life is weird .
negative	" Like Hulk Hogan more now . Do n't need to boycott WWE either , I already boycott BS . Shame he may be purged from prestigious fake wrestling HOF "
neutral	MSNBC : The NFL season kicks off Thursday night and Tom Brady is set to be on the field : HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	" They really just used a Rousey analogy for OSU ? C'mon , man . "
positive	" Study David Bowie , James Bowen and 2Pac Watch the sun set with best friends from a rooftop "
neutral	We Milanisti rather read some news how things are finally going to change within Milan . HTTPURL
positive	I want to go see Paper Towns tomorrow .
neutral	Gucci bags myself restricted information august enact the span your personal inlet addition so side blazing : ...
neutral	" On this day in August 11 , 2014 ~ #RAW : Seth Rollins vs . Rob Van Dam HTTPURL "
neutral	Dean Ambrose stopped by the Studio to talk about WWE Monday Night RAW tonight at Sprint Center ! ! Make sure you ... HTTPURL
positive	" The sweet words of " " Rolling Stone " " by @USER is just what my Friday needs . " " .. that 's where I 'll be . " " #musicforkath2015 "
positive	You 'll never truly know how many Lil Kim lyrics you know until you hit a up a gay bar on a Saturday night .
neutral	Hulk Hogan says sorry for racist remarks caught on tape : Legendary wrestler Hulk Hogan issued an apology Friday after the National En ...
neutral	going to see Ant-man wednesday . hopefully its good .
positive	Happy Motivatonal Monday ! ! ! Reasons why you should join the challenge with Shawn & LaTonya ... 1 . We are educated ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Yo @USER , What 's the offer for existing Moto G ( 1st Gen ) owners ? @USER "
negative	" @USER no more Bad Blood by Taylor Swift music please , the video on Monday was more like badluck ! ! ! #badeditor #SFGiants #cheesymusic "
positive	Yoga for the mind and soul . Join us for twilight yoga at 5pm Monday evening #YouRDay HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	UFC president Dana White told the Los Angeles Times on Wednesday that Holly Holm will fight Ronda Rousey and said a Ju ... #SportsNews4US
positive	Boruto : Naruto the Movie just wait brooo . im coming to you in november . Hall pasti dipenuhi dgn org dh besar hahaha
neutral	Jhonny Gonzalez is looking to make a return on Floyd Mayweather 's undercard on September 12
positive	@USER Shabbat Shalom all the Joshua of Israel . May God Bless U & keep U & favour U.Hv a blessed holiday seasons & a victorious 2016 !
negative	@USER @USER and i did n't like the way the john cena and seth march ended too that pissed me off so bad
neutral	Do n't miss @USER ' special hometown show at @USER on April 2nd with support from The Twilight Sad ! HTTPURL
positive	" My butt cheeks hurt and I love it ! Yoga , lunges and squats lol might go back for round 2 of Yoga on Thursday ... the positions we did > > > "
negative	" Scott Walker 's Lies at the Fairgrounds A LIAR NEVER TELLS THE SAME LIE B / C THEY 4GOT WHAT LIE THEY TOLD IN THE 1ST PLACE , SO IT CHANGES OF10 "
neutral	Jennifer Lawrence & Amy Schumer Want to Wear the Same Dior Dress to the Golden Globes : Jennifer Lawrence and friend Amy Schumer may b ...
negative	Everybody is responding to that Trump tweet but its from January during the Charlie Hebdo shootings ... Still not cool but pls check the date
neutral	" Due up for TEX in the 6th : Josh Hamilton , Elvis Andrus , & Rougned Odor . #LetsGoRangers "
positive	Kyle Allen making it happen . The injury to Murray may have been a blessing in disguise . Aggies back up 10 .
neutral	Might as well make a new Friday and have Ice Cube son play Craig son
positive	90 % of my love for the WWE comes from watching Seth Rollins get punched in the face . Ready for Monday night RAW
positive	@USER It is good news for Times Now as the terrorist may be glorified like Yakub .
positive	Tawney and I already have plans to go to dunkin tomorrow after I move in ... the addiction is real .
positive	" Some things never change . The sun rises every day , the @USER sticking it to the White Sox feels great . "
neutral	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL WWE RAW , Brock Lesnar and Paul Heyman addressed the ending of SummerSlam , Aug 24 , "
neutral	Inter EP # 2 80 % edited and RTC #10 100 % edited for tomorrow ! Can now get cracking on some footage for EP # 3 when its the Milan derby ! !
positive	Dustin Johnson might be the best Thursday golfer in history . He has to finish a major on top eventually . Has immense talent .
neutral	I like Dustin Johnson a LOT but I have no confidence in him closing out a major - - - unfortunately he probably wo n't get a chance tomorrow
neutral	literally everyone takes the tweet about Nicki out of context it had nothing to do with feminism HTTPURL
positive	I try to always pay for the order behind me at Dunkin on Monday 's .. starts both of our weeks off on a good note .
neutral	" listening to the weeknd on the radio and telling mom I want to see in December and she says " " this is the Zayn guy right ? " " "
neutral	Hahaha can imagine Dana White may want to kill himself after that Rousey fight
positive	This was my Monday Nights as a child and I just heard the news #RIP Frank Gifford HTTPURL
negative	David Price 's last two starts against the #Yankees have been horrendous . He takes the mound Saturday HTTPURL
neutral	" A special bench may be constituted to hear Yakub 's fresh plea overnight , reports @USER from outside the Chief Justice 's residence . "
positive	When you realize you 're going to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow @USER HTTPURL
neutral	" Bruni : " " If you sort through the rabble , you find John Kasich . " " HTTPURL "
neutral	" Super Eagles head coach , Sunday Ogorchukwu Oliseh has come out with an explanation of his shock decision to leave ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" If you 're my age , THIS was " " Monday Night Football ! " " And these 3 guys are all gone now ... So long Frank Gifford ... HTTPURL "
positive	Floyd Mayweather is heavy favourite to go 49-0 on the 12th . Bet on the fight here - HTTPURL #Boxing HTTPURL
positive	" And each time the sun kisses the shore , I remember every promises you swore . - Twilight thoughts "
neutral	" 3rd day of EID , still can't find a place to park my Car . . Celebrations every where ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Nigeria Friendly Against Ghana May Be On The Cards : Nigeria 's Super Eagles and Ghana 's Black Stars may come he ... HTTPURL
positive	" Swapped out broken Franken-part in my car , saw Ant-Man with family , took a nap , wrote for a bit , ate Ice Cream . Saturday : victorious . "
neutral	" Paul Dunne 's gonna puke on the first tee tomorrow . God love the kid , but he does n't have any idea what he 's in for tonight / tomorrow morning "
neutral	I like Meek Mills when he raps because he talks like a handicapped 4th grader ... how do he and Nicki hold conversations ? ? ?
positive	I 'm going to see Paper Towns tomorrow finally ! AYYEE
positive	This time next Sunday I 'll be at the Zac Brown Band concert at Fenway . Ca n't wait for it
neutral	" @USER @USER I think that Heath needs to put down the crack pipe ! It 's like saying " " Cowboys 3rd best in East without Murray . " " "
positive	" The White Sox say Mike Olt is expected to join the team " " in the coming days . " " Sox back here against the Indians on Monday . "
neutral	The Mets are winning 16-7 . David wright is in his first game in 4 months . It 's the 9th inning . He 's still in .
neutral	@USER still see Koivu . You even admitted it was a good comparison like a month back . Kane may be a better one though .
neutral	Tuesday Treats - All About KPop with ThisKPopGuy : HTTPURL via @USER
negative	Berlusconi is not impressed by the 6th position of Milan on the table and he is expecting 3rd place at least . #MN
positive	Sharknado 3 release and @USER ' s 29th birthday on the same day . Coincidence ... ? HBD Andrew ! ! ! HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER Remember the IRA ? They 're Christian too . We * may * wish it were n't so .
positive	Getting really anxious about this Foo Fighters concert tomorrow night haha cool :)
positive	Why am I just now finding oht about Black Friday J . Cole and Kendrick Lamar
positive	@USER Wow ! Thank you for providing that link . I nominate her to the 6th Rolling Stone . Imagine her and Keef together .
neutral	STATS Hosted Solution | News : NEW YORK ( AP ) Tom Brady learned Thursday he will start the season ... HTTPURL #NBAStatsPipes
neutral	" Boko Haram has not being stopped in the 1st 100days as promised and some blind people and calling reasonable people " " wailers " " #100WastedDays "
neutral	" Court Judges Disagree on Yakub Memon , May Not Hang on Thursday : The Supreme Court today referred to a larger bench the plea of Yakub ... "
neutral	This kid put Kendrick & J . Cole in his in his top 5 & does n't know about Section 80 or Friday Night Lights ... Smh at this new generation
neutral	" Red Sox take the lead , Yankees 0 , Red Sox 1 Bottom 1st HTTPURL "
negative	well I 'm out dogs see u all Friday when I will send 90 tweets about garbage cheating trash Ryan Braun . Good night
positive	" I may have two more classes today , but all I can think about is seeing the Foo Fighters in 9 hours "
neutral	The #Cubs score 2 runs in the bottom of the 6th on RBI singles by Kris Bryant & Miguel Montero to tie things up with the Reds @USER 3 apiece
positive	@USER may be unpopular opinion but Ice Cube was the one with the lyrics .
neutral	Paul McCartney in Ohio on Oct 13th . Does anyone wanna go with me ?
neutral	Anyone at all wanna see Paper Towns on Friday with me ? I 'll buy the popcorn
neutral	I want to see Shawn tomorrow :( ( (
positive	" @USER @USER do not know , Pink Friday has the best song Nicki : Super Bass but the pinkprint has invincible like Anaconda "
neutral	" With Nunes / Holm / Pena all carving out potential paths to title shots , the cupboard may not be as bare for Rousey as we thought . "
positive	" Been on a huge Beatles binge since I heard Paul McCartney play this past Friday night . Even though I was n't in the crowd , it was amazing . "
negative	Carly Fiorina says no to challenging the Constitution or 14th amendment & does not support deportation . HTTPURL
negative	Reports in Nigeria say as many as 60 people may have been killed after a raid on a village in the north-east by suspected Boko Haram .
neutral	@USER Pfft . Excuse my language but Thor thinks that the Sun rises and sets out your rear .
positive	Tomorrow #brownbag #lunch w / @USER : info session @USER . Learn about the Big Brother experience & how you can make an impact .
negative	Apparently it 's not just the final round that makes Dustin Johnson choke it 's just Sunday .
neutral	@USER @USER Presstitutes n othr anti-nationals were relating yakub 's hanging with Modi ... 3rd class leeches
positive	This nigga in Friday look like the guy who played Ice Cube in Straight Outta Compton
negative	The Borno Police Command on Sunday confirmed the killing of seven persons after suspected Boko Haram terrorist ... HTTPURL
positive	" Jason Lown ... I know you can appreciate this : Janet Jackson 's 3rd single from her 4th album , Escapade , came on ... HTTPURL "
positive	Today is #NationalTequilaDay ! ! That may rank right up there with National Ice Cream Day . Let 's celebrate ! !
positive	Dear santa for Christmas may I have ... one lunatic fringe named Dean Ambrose ? ! Thank you very much !
negative	" When th 1st war began , my older sister was @USER school , israel bombed an area close 2 the school.We were wondering if she 's still alive 27-12 #Gaza "
neutral	i was looking up youtubers react & youtubers react to kpop was literally the 3rd Suggestion now tell me it is unknown HTTPURL
neutral	" My name is Lucatiel . I beg of you , remember my name . For I may not myself ... - Lucatiel of Mirrah , Dark Souls 2 "
negative	@USER One last time . I want my Moto G 3rd Gen 16gb which I ordered or else I want compensation . Choice is yours .
positive	" @USER " " Thats the spirit Naruto ! " " She smiled at him . She pointed at the sun . With a smile on her face "
neutral	Gucci unmentionables jivatma esoterica february plan the two yours connotative from mutual attraction in conte ...
neutral	" @USER you may not have Frank Ocean , but at least you got Kanye "
negative	Kim Kardashian on the cover of Rolling Stone ? It 's the death of rock'n'roll ... - The Guardian HTTPURL
neutral	@USER I 'm waiting for Monday . Even the John Cena match was flawed
neutral	Rizzo walks runners on 1st & 2nd no outs let 's keep the line going be patient wait for that pitch do n't chase Kris Bryant up alright Bryant
positive	David Price 's 1st win as a Jay ! Incredible day at the ballpark ! ! HTTPURL
positive	#BlueJays win 2-1 Final ! ! David Price on the mound tomorrow ! #ComeTogether HTTPURL
neutral	" Rousey calls the Jan . 2 fight " " my biggest challenge to date . " " She 's not worried about losing , though : " " I can take ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Kanye west is dropping a new album and Kendrick and cole are dropping a collab album . The rest of the rap game may as well give up .
negative	" Disgraceful , no way we should deny the world of an Adriano-Luiz Adriano left hand side to propel Milan to glory HTTPURL "
negative	" I could swear Carly Fiorina is that 6th grade teacher who beat me with a " " do n't end a sentence with a preposition . " " HTTPURL "
neutral	FIFA will look into the case tomorrow . Both Man United and Real Madrid are pushing for the move to happen .
positive	Brock Lesnar vs Bo Dallas at the MSG show in October has been announced . It 's like an early birthday present .
neutral	Rummel recovers Curtis fumble . It 's pouring out here . Maybe the weather had to do something with that . 2:04 remaining 3rd 21-7
neutral	DJ DERRTY D SPORTS Caitlyn Jenner May Be Charged with Manslaughter in February Crash HTTPURL
neutral	@USER ^ 2 kids have entered have by the 8th to enter Curtis is ready to pick
negative	" I may be Asian , but it does n't mean I automatically like T-ara . I 'm not even familiar with KPOP . #DirectionersFuneral "
positive	" Going to Ed Sheeran this Tuesday with @USER , I 'm so stoked "
neutral	" November 12 , 2001 George Harrison was being treated for terminal cancer in New York . He knew he did n't ' have much ... HTTPURL "
negative	" My heart is bleeding for Paris and la France , brings back the feelings of Jan 7 when I arrived at Gare du Nord and heard of Charlie Hebdo . "
neutral	" Nirvana 's ' E-Coli ' Demo Leaks Online [ LISTEN ]: Set to release November 6th through Universal Music , the album ... HTTPURL "
positive	Harper Lee 's Go Set a Watchman on sale tomorrow . hopefully there are still copies in the nearest bookstore !
neutral	" @USER MTV UK : @USER : #MTVFestivalSeason : Kasabian , Olly Murs & Sam Smith make V 's 20th birthday o ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Not even MaY , and the WEATHER is this cold ? Floyd Mayweather shows how he spends his NIGHTS ... HTTPURL "
positive	" First Kim Kardashian tries to break the Internet and now this ! The 35 - year-old reality star launched her emoji app , Kimoji , on Monday and "
neutral	When Ice Cube says Yeeeeeah in the first 5 mins of Friday when he sees the cereal is classic .
neutral	@USER I never thought you and Hulk Hogan would be the topic of Friday night drinks with friends . #ColinCowherd
neutral	" Tomorrow 's headlines today : " " Of course Scott Walker does n't want to build a wall to keep out our friends to the north . " " #noideas "
positive	@USER @USER @USER just watched the show . Great show . Could n't agree it 's about Ant-Man . See ya Thursday
negative	Scott Walker : building Canada border wall is a ' legitimate issue ' HTTPURL This RW idiot going to build one around Boston too ?
neutral	John Cena may have suffered an injury tonight . #WWEHampton HTTPURL
neutral	Go Set a Watchman will hit the shelves on Tuesday at some libraries while other branches will be getting the book ... HTTPURL
negative	" @USER U2 , at this point , may be the worst U2 tribute band . "
negative	" And Obama is silent as always , because it has to do with Christians and / or non-muslims . Wake up people he is ONE ! HTTPURL "
positive	Great news . Yesterday women voted for the 1st time in Saudi Arabia . Also 20 of them were elected to local councils . HTTPURL
negative	" @USER Ahhhh , I get it . You 're worried Christians , Jews etc , may hinder your radical left wing agenda . #Bigot "
negative	@USER I can't figure out why Josh Hamilton is n't playing tonight HTTPURL
positive	" With the passing of Frank Gifford , let 's remember what a positive leader he was - & appreciate every day ! The sun ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Yakub 's body to be brought to Mumbai , CM to make statement Nagpur , Jul 30 ( UNI ) The body of 1993 Mumbai serial ... HTTPURL "
negative	Brock Lesnar coming to ESPN tomorrow . To be safe I am going 300 miles away . Let him kill @USER and @USER
negative	Someone said that they might snub Kendrick on all 11 nominations or he may get just 1 . If that happens then it 's clearly rigged .
positive	can we get him to beat out the wanted atleast he 's in like 15th please i love him he deserves it Ed Sheeran
positive	Whoa ! National Ice Cream Day is in six days ? ! You may want to pay special attention here and on our Facebook & Instagram accounts on Sunday .
negative	" If you think Chuck Norris can't rape you anytime , anywhere then you are in for a rude awakening tomorrow . "
neutral	John Cena about to take time from ESPN 's riveting golf discussion ! C'mon ESPN wrestling is fake ! Talk about golf more it 's the real !
neutral	@USER Playing around on the piano . Paul McCartney ' s So Bad and Carole King 's Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow . Sleep tight .
positive	@USER last hour of the Chris Evans show BBC R2 from 8am Tuesday if you have n't got it indexed.Not so sure about international lnk
positive	yay for going to see jason Aldean on the 3rd :-)
negative	" To whom it may concern , Paper Towns is on the stupidest movies I have ever seen , do n't see it , for real "
positive	@USER So lucky ! May you give me a DM with Niall ? He 's my fav and it would really mean the world to me
negative	i 'm going to jason aldean thurs ... i hate country music ...
neutral	" That 's the ballgame , Texas loses 6-5 . Tomorrow 's game is a 7:05 first pitch , with David Price for Toronto against Colby Lewis for Texas . "
neutral	" Just a quick reminder about Camilla 's Yoga class , 11am this Saturday at Beanies . Hope you see you there . HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER 0PDC Chameleon U may want to preach this to Muslims as they seem to " " misinterpret " " too HTTPURL "
positive	i literally just sat and talked to my mom about tronnor & how much troye & con & Shawn are role models for me and showed her wild & how +
negative	I do n't wanna see Ice cube son re do all ice cube parts . I saw Boyz in da hood 2 . A remake of Friday.What ' s next.All about the Benjamin 's 2 ? !
positive	" Wow , Gov @USER John Kasich made it . FOX Announces 10 Candidates for Thursday 's Prime-Time Debate HTTPURL via @USER "
neutral	Does anyone have tickets to the Foo Fighters concert tomorrow that they 're willing to sell
neutral	Gucci unmentionables unconscious mind resolution may enact the dyad yours characteristic up-to-the-minute obta ...
negative	" I had a bad feeling the 1st time I heard " " will be greeted as liberators . " " Also , you forgot Saudi Arabia . HTTPURL "
positive	Not even kidding when I say Alright by Kendrick Lamar may be one of the best songs ever written
neutral	" Tomorrow , @USER and I will come out of breaks with a mix of Boy George , George Michael , George Harrison , George Jones . . . "
neutral	Dean Ambrose may have killed the Big Show with that dive through the ropes #RAW #WWE
negative	" The guy who predicted the end of the world moved the date to Oct / Nov . That 's not the end of the world , it 's just another Twilight film . "
positive	" Listening to @USER ' s " " Smells Like Nirvana " " with the hubs . That 's how we roll on a Friday night . :) "
neutral	" I tried to tell a coworker that I wanted to bring drinks to six flags and she said " " I think we may be stopping by dunkin " " ... "
neutral	J Cole & Kendrick Lamar just go in on each others instrumentals in Black Friday
neutral	i may or may not have just purchased the Justin Bieber album on iTunes . #NoShame ! ! !
positive	" Today is Star Wars day , may the force be with us .. "
positive	I just want it to be Saturday so Amy Schumer can make me laugh and feel good about my life compared to hers .
neutral	" Matt Cain legit just hung 5 straight pitches over the plate . Kris Bryant fouled 4 of them , 5th one - a long dinger . Ca n't make that mistake ! "
neutral	Watchman on the Wall : Obama and NATO Plan To Attack Israel In October WR15 - 207 HTTPURL
neutral	#Twins Miguel Sano is not in the Twins ' starting lineup on Thursday afternoon against the White Sox . HTTPURL
neutral	Seth Rollins looking like the 4th member of The New Day . I wonder what @USER @USER @USER #NewDayRocks #SummerSlam
neutral	Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh calls up 23 players from the #GloNPFL for the Africa Cup of Nations qualifier ... HTTPURL
neutral	Let George Osborne know how you feel in Manchester on Friday #EndAusterityNow HTTPURL
positive	" @USER on the 11th , or as I like to call , the day the chosen one was born , and by chosen one I mean Hulk Hogan "
positive	Be sure to tune in Thursday 's 2-4 pm for a brand new show with @USER @USER and yes I 'm bringing David Bowie checkpoint with me
neutral	Big Brother starts tomorrow can't wait to see people slowly showing their true faces and / or going insane
negative	" @USER your " " point " " is invalid Thursday is named after Thor , therefore you 're doing it wrong @USER @USER @USER "
neutral	All the talk will be about Nicki and Miley tomorrow . Nothing else has been talk worthy . #VMAs
neutral	They just called me gotta go pick them Gucci foams up tomorrow
positive	" @USER Niall , hope you have a free night tomorrow 2 catch @USER on TG4 & tell all our friends . It 's not @USER Seachtar , it 's better ! "
negative	I may well need Therapy for what that Guy just did to one of my all time favourite David Bowie Songs ... WTF was THAT ! ! ! #XFactorLiveShows
positive	Happy Birthday Prince George ! We hope that you 're having a lovely camping themed birthday party #PrinceGeorge HTTPURL
neutral	I really need someone to go see Ed Sheeran with me next Friday please
neutral	With the Super Eagles Coach Sunday Oliseh at the National Stadium Abuja . Super Eagles 1 vs Football College Abuja 0 HTTPURL
neutral	Sis just told me that Chris Evans ( Capt America ) was in her summer reading program when she 1st became a librarian .
neutral	@USER I have n't order yet but i need it Tuesday if i order now how many days take to reach saudi arabia ?
neutral	" @USER the 5th D . ( sleeping state or high ascension level ) .. there 's also nirvana the mind , fits into the body * , chemical bliss "
neutral	Do you feel religious freedom in USA may be denied to Christians under the guise of separation of church & state ? HTTPURL
neutral	Seamus & Chris will broadcast live from the Curtis house tomorrow as build up to the @USER FAI Cup Final HTTPURL
neutral	Real Madrid reportedly rule out signing De Gea in January ; making me believe they 're getting cold feet about this deal altogether .
neutral	NY man convicted Friday of plotting to kill Muslims with a WMD . Where is media ? Now if he were Muslim ... My article HTTPURL
neutral	" The 2 " " Best P4P Fighters " " Rousey currently and Jones All-Time #1-Rousey is 12-0 ( 100 % Finishes 97 % in the 1st ... HTTPURL "
negative	I hate myself for doing this . Happy last day at Dunkin tomorrow . May I never have to make a rude bitches coffee again HTTPURL
neutral	@USER I doubt it was the sun you were probably blaring the Calibraska ep to loud
positive	" @USER I can't wait till Friday , , coming down to see the Jays for first time in years and David Price pitching , , woo hoo ! "
neutral	why does the release date for calibraska says july 31st on iTunes if it comes out tomorrow on the 24th ? ? ?
neutral	Boruto : Naruto the movie is out in Japan and I have to wait till October to watch it ): HTTPURL
neutral	" #tbt Throwback Thursday ... blastin old school shit all day . Iron Maiden , The Big 4 , and more ! #metal #thrash #speed "
positive	Festive Friday and Star Wars Day is just around the corner .
positive	@USER I was obsessed with Twilight in 7th grade I loved it so much
neutral	" If you can see Chuck Norris , he can see you . If you can't see Chuck Norris , you may be only seconds away from death . "
neutral	@USER that pout may work with daddy but it does n't work at Big Brother lmao ! ! !
neutral	Ed Sheeran concert at 7 PM tomorrow . Getting in line at like 9 lol . Need to get close to the stage bruh
positive	Tomorrow is National Hot Dog day ! Be sure to vote for Sahlens for @USER customer choice awards : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	More about nothing X Wale Friday Night Lights X J.Cole The Movie X Gucci The Lonny Breaux Collection X Frank Ocean Is mixtapes you need
positive	" Cheer on your KC Royals tonight , because if they win , you win ! 50 % off tomorrow if they beat the White Sox tonight ! Use promo code ROYALSPR "
neutral	Who knows what he intended to do after returning . Charlie Hebdo may have changed his direction .
neutral	" Next friday I 'll be in Milan having breakfast ant talking about illustration , time and creativity . See you at ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I still can not connect the missing link that is why if Jesus is The Messiah why He didnt restore Israel to its former glory on His 1st come
positive	" Enjoy a sundae on this Sunday , it 's National Ice Cream Day ! Make your own all-natural w / fresh fruits ! #icecreamday HTTPURL "
neutral	I drew a fairy King on HTTPURL - with David Bowie pants and all . hope to see everyone on Saturday :D HTTPURL
neutral	" Briana draking it because of Ivan , you good ? HTTPURL "
positive	Scott Walker says his actions covered everyone in poverty with Medicaid for first time ever . PolitiFact : Mostly True HTTPURL
negative	" Quote-We must fight the evil trio of America , Israel & India.Suicide missions are in accordance with Islam . email Published 23 August 2010 "
neutral	look at the percentage chance of Milan finishing 6th . Strong green in a see of uncertainties HTTPURL
neutral	7th round : When is Niall 's Birthday ? First to get 5 points wins the DM with Liam HTTPURL
positive	CNN Revises Debate Criteria In Possible Boost To Carly Fiorina : CNN announced on Tuesday that it would change ... HTTPURL
neutral	would like to get to milan for the world tour appearance of maestro Zubin Mehta in may
neutral	" They really are grooming Seth Rollins to be the next Triple H , having him open every Monday with a time-devouring promo . @USER #Raw "
neutral	Swihart singles up the middle to score Ortiz from 1st as Red Sox go ahead 1-0 in the 4th . Asher still in trouble with two on and one out .
neutral	Andre Berto enters Saturday at 32-1 & Buster Douglas thinks Berto has the tools to pull the upset off against Floyd Mayweather
neutral	Anyone have off 6th hour and going to dunkin ? ?
neutral	" @USER @USER kinda hoping Matz pitches inside tomorrow , though he 's a different pitcher than Thor "
positive	Wishing you a happy Eid Mubarak . May the peace of Allah and the joy of Eid be with you today and always .
positive	We 'll be at Dunkin again on the 29th ! Come on out ! Or you 'll surely miss out ! #localmusic #Janesville HTTPURL
positive	Seeing Jason aldean for the 13th time today ... Yup
neutral	@USER @USER @USER this is true but just mention Niall she may remember him and come back to us
neutral	in history we were talking about Islam and then God and i just quietly sat there laughing
positive	@USER I want April to Live to see SHARKNADO 4 ! #AprilLives
positive	" David Wright in the Mets lineup tonight puts such a big smile on my face . If this team is destined for October , he deserves to be there . "
neutral	the guy at dunkin was deff judging me for getting a hot chocolate in august ..
neutral	ed Sheeran is gonna be here on the 12th why am I poor
neutral	who would want to go to Ed Sheeran ( September 18th ) with Kylie and i ? ? ?
positive	" Scirea Memorial , Inter 2-0 Roma : MILAN - Inter continue their good run in the 26th edition of the Gaetano Scir ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER Btw . If its ok . I mayb in touch 4 my Kelloggs . Meetin DINZ n 10th 2 sort it , bt shuld b deer n EID , velvet-chain , oppertunities "
positive	" Tomorrow is a big Metal day . At 8: 00am the new Iron Maiden tune premiers and , of course , new albums to purchase . I love Heavy Metal ! \ m / "
positive	I can't wait to go to the Angel game tomorrow vs . the Rangers and talk shit to Josh Hamilton
positive	I love Kendrick 's 2nd album as much as anyone but it does n't compare to Good Kid Mad City
neutral	John Cena may be the only man alive who still rocks cargo shorts . #TitleforTitle #SummerSlam
neutral	I want chris evans arms to kill me HTTPURL
neutral	LLB tomorrow . We niggas going Caitlyn Jenner on them tomorrow
negative	Niall had sex gave you tickets thats not love love is when he protects u he takes u on dates he wouldnt put u in the 7th row of the concert
positive	The captain is back David Wright is set to return to the Mets Monday versus the Philadelphia Phillies
neutral	" It 's the 1st of the month , folks . Time to get your 5 Psalms / 1 Proverb per day going . These 2 books teach how 2 feel and think as Christians . "
positive	I may not be a fan of the boy-scout John Cena character but the work he does in real for terminally ill kids is really special .
neutral	Amanda Nunes wo n't call out Rousey but she may be the biggest threat to Rousey 's title HTTPURL #mmacrypt #mma
positive	I have 2 Ed Sheeran tickets on sale for his concert on Thursday @USER Houston . I know it 's super last minute but if anyone is interested DM me .
positive	Epic weekend on the horizon Foo Fighters tomorrow and hopefully Wales finally finishing the job Sunday
negative	Maybe if Eamon Collins who testified against slab was n't killed by the IRA u could try slab using a jury court HTTPURL
neutral	" may the gods speed him , RIP , Frank Gifford , New York Giants legend and husband to Kathy Lee Gifford , dead at 84 HTTPURL "
negative	" Judging by the traffic and complaining , I think I might be best setting for Foo Fighters ' Milton Keynes gig tomorrow right now "
neutral	@USER I do n't have the figures but I find hyderabadi Muslims much more educated in comparison to other parts . May not be due to mim
neutral	Is Brock Lesnar a BEAST ? Find out on the #Raw Podcast . #RAWKansasCity #Undertaker HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	I think if Cole wanted he coulda had a better verse on Black Friday than Kendrick
neutral	@USER Going intn med overdrive with Chynna and Rousey . Symptoms . : / Wondering if fleas may b catalyst . Grr ! Coffee time ! HUGSXO
negative	" Lightweight angry I did n't get a Hot Dog for National Hot Dog Day , will have to make up for it tomorrow lol "
negative	" @USER Camila is promoting the shit out of her single and faved James tweet from The Vamps , Normani and Lauren may be throwing + "
positive	" I thought Star Wars day was May 4th , because " " May the forth be with you " " . Now it 's December 18th too ? " " Go December eighteenth yourself . " " "
positive	Lovely overhead ( coronal ) #auroraborealis seen the night of September 6 at Fairbanks Alaska by M . Murray ! HTTPURL
neutral	I may be trapped in Thor for a decade but I have cookies so I might make it
negative	" You can't escape the truth by closing eyes . If not Yakub today , something else tomorrow ; they will be like this only HTTPURL "
positive	So happy to see that Royal Blood are now supporting the Foo Fighters at Milton Keynes on 5 September .. As well ... HTTPURL
positive	" Just realised I 'll be going to see Foo Fighters this time on Tuesday , I 'm so excited ! "
neutral	Yakub may hv a case based on Raman 's report but left liberals entry 2 save him has changed character of the case . Wd they do 4 Sadhvi Pragya
negative	" @USER not just Africa . In Iran ( and many Islamic theocracies ) , women are treated as 2nd class citizens @USER @USER "
positive	" Ice Cube has framed Craig as an attractive man with attractive love interests in every " " Friday " " movie . "
negative	@USER @USER yes i see . the stormfront idiots callhim the 4th reiche dont they know his son & law is jewish ? they have property in israel ?
positive	Should probably get to bed early . Big day tomorrow . National Hot Dog Day .
neutral	" Space-sim ' Elite : Dangerous ' comes to Xbox One on October 6th : We 're still not sure when No Man 's Sky is coming to PS4 , but in the ... "
positive	I can't even explain how excited I am for Calibraska . Like I do n't know if I can wait through tomorrow for it .
neutral	Has Chris Evans just let-slip who will join him on Top Gear ? : Chris Evans may have let slip who will be joinin ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Again , I 'm selling two tickets to see Ed Sheeran on September 3rd in Houston DM me if you wanna buy them ( ( ( someone pls buy them ) ) ) "
positive	" It 's almost time ! Harper Lee 's new book " " Go Set a Watchman " " will be on sale at 7 am , Tuesday the 14th ! That is ... HTTPURL "
positive	I hope these chats about Cole n Kendrick dropping in Feb are true ...
negative	am I the only one who could care less about the Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow ?
neutral	VIDEO : Floyd Mayweather surprised members of the press in attendance at his media workout Wednesday HTTPURL #MayweatherBerto
positive	Selling a Zac brown band ticket for the 3rd msg if interested
neutral	#AmWriting
neutral	" @USER @USER I usually wait until the unwashed masses have already seen it I saw Ant-Man on Saturday , & the theater was almost empty "
neutral	@USER ##DigitalNirvana Digital Nirvana with Croma a shorter commute may even save your relationship
neutral	#YakubDebate have you seen the long bearded Yakub off late . #presstitutes wo n't show the radicalised man . HTTPURL
positive	Awesome episode of Big Brother ! I 'm totally team .. #May ? #Cleg ? Love it . #BBScandal
neutral	Lady Gaga - Do you think the 3rd part of the Paparazzi-Telephone saga will be in LG5 ? ? : #LadyGaga #think #Papa ... HTTPURL
neutral	How should #Mets work David Wright back into things ? Is batting him 4th tonight too much too soon ? @USER 5pm @USER
neutral	. @USER So are you arguing that Congress can't prohibit Islam but CAN prohibit atheism because atheism is n't protected by the 1st Amend ?
positive	" Janet Jackson has unveiled the track list and album cover for her upcoming LP Unbreakable , which will arrive October 2nd . "
neutral	" Is Big Brother playing games with U as well ? ? I 'm stuck on same number since Wed . AM though I get 2 to 3 hundred Fol a day , yes really ! #FBI "
neutral	" @USER [ Wanda sat down where Thor was sitting , while he took Lucas to his room ] "
neutral	" Arrived to beautiful sunshine in Milan , but thunderstorms predicted through Thursday / Friday / Saturday . Dry race at the moment . #F1 "
neutral	" Jordan Spieth finishes the round at - 6 , is currently tied for 2nd with Paul Dunne and Jason Day ( all - 11 ) at The Open . "
neutral	" #TBT #kidrock #kidrockcruise June 22 , 2000 " " ... on the cover of the Rolling Stone " " ( first time ) HTTPURL "
positive	I know that the new Iron Maiden album is not out until Friday but it just keeps getting better !
neutral	" Tom Rinaldi asks Paul Dunne what he 'll be thinking if he tees off Monday with share of lead . " " Make contact with the ball . " " Great stuff . "
positive	@USER the only game that would make me get a PS4 is Bloodborne honestly lol maybe if more games come out i want i may get it
negative	If them fucking Muslims blow a bomb up in London tomorrow then we need to get the lot out of the UK fucking ship them all back #VJday
neutral	Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh meets with Chelsea 's Victor Moses in London HTTPURL
neutral	I 'm selling my Jason Aldean ticket ! It 's lawn for riverbend on August 23rd . DM me if you are interested !
positive	So stoked to see the Foo Fighters again this Tuesday
positive	" Thank you for knowing what will keep this nation secure , Scott Walker . HTTPURL "
neutral	Was I one of the first or last to notice this ... Dean Ambrose new gear number says 060214 June 2nd 14 the day Seth Rollins betrayed Shield
positive	" Justin Bieber my dyslexic king , the 1st boy i was ever sexually attracted to he has been popping my pussy since 2009 HTTPURL "
positive	" Only 2 hours left ! Gonna be so sick , concert , bachelor party and I get paid to not work on Monday.As Ice Cube would say today was a good day "
negative	" I hate you Kanye West and if you become president u may be assassinated , I hope "
positive	Sharknado 3 may have been the best one
negative	Dana White & Joe Silva are scum bag atheists and Ronda Rousey is endorsing Bernie Sanders . Do n't give them your money . Stream the UFC on Sat
neutral	May or may not have hit someone in the Dunkin drive thru this morning
neutral	Seattle lost last night which brought Tuesday to a close at 2-4 at - $ 50 . The Rockies ML was make or break even and Kris Bryant answered .
neutral	Gucci bags soul assuredness february evince the double harness your existent ingoing accruement into with keep ...
neutral	Anybody wanna go to the Foo Fighters concert Sept 29 in OKC ?
negative	Zayn left the band on Wednesday The last Canadian show is on a wednesday My first day of school is wednesday I OFFICIALLY HATE WEDNESDAYS
negative	" #religionofpeace , if all Muslims disappeared tomorrow the world would be a better place "
positive	" Photoset : Last night was my last Saturday night of summer , and I spent it at the Zac Brown Band concert at ... HTTPURL "
positive	" What makes Monday better ? Final round of @USER golf championship ! Scottish amateur Paul Dunne , who attended UAB , is tied for the lead . "
neutral	when did briana get pregnant was it before july like 3 months earlier than july so does that mean she is due by now where 's the baby
positive	" Get in ! Royal Blood announced supporting the Foo Fighters on the Sunday at MK Bowl , knew it was a matter of time ! @USER "
neutral	Let 's start out the #Patriots off-season review by briefly touching on #deflategate . It 's over . For Now . Tom Brady will play on Thursday .
positive	" @USER Debi , will you be taking all THREE of your kids ( including hubby ) out for ice cream on National Ice Cream Day on Sunday ? ? ;-) "
positive	I saw Paper Towns on Wednesday and I really loved it but I was a little disappointed in how Margo was portrayed in the movie ...
neutral	" The 20th anniversary PS4 controller looks really nice , but I barely play my PS4 so I do n't want to waste any money . LOL "
negative	@USER The 1st two reacted 2 the burning alive of 59 Hindus by Muslims in a train . Can u tell me how Muslims will react if burnt alive ?
neutral	" Think Dustin Johnson needs to take some advice of Zach this weekend , maybe some divine intervention is what he needs on a Sunday #USPGA "
neutral	@USER around what time on Thursday does kissanime upload the new Naruto episode
positive	Murray will get to watch the second half of Scotland v Germany . Get him pumped for his own battle . HTTPURL
negative	" Boko Haram kills 13 in Borno : In the dead of the night on Sunday , a band of suspected members of the sect kill ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Brock Lesnar is going to be on Mike and Mike tomorrow . Which one gets sent to Suplex City first ? @USER @USER
neutral	@USER @USER Think I may pop down with BA for the day to LHR at some point one Sat / Sun . Want to get a decent shot of the IRA
negative	Putin is baiting you He waits for the first week of new admin b4 he starts mayhem / chaos . 3rd most dangerous person behind iran and potty
neutral	@USER Thursday is National Hot Dog day !
positive	Katy Perry keeps effortlessly cool in flowing boho tie-dye dress in NYC : She may have sung about being a Calif ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER im tellin you I may have been single as long as Caitlyn Jenner was a man , but that do n't mean I did n't "
positive	Happy Thursday and Happy National Hot Dog Day Everyone ! ! What a better way to celebrate national hot dog day then ... HTTPURL
negative	" Tony Blair wants to write his own history , but he 's the only one who believes the story as he tells it . HTTPURL "
neutral	David Wright with yet ANOTHER tough play . That short hop was n't easy to grab . #Mets and Phillies head to the 13th .
positive	I made it to Boston ! Going to my first Red Sox game tomorrow ! #Jacked #Bahston #ClamChowder #BigPapi #FreeBrady
neutral	" Then what was said through the prophet Jeremiah was fulfilled ( Ein Karem , Israel 07 October 2015 ) HTTPURL "
neutral	Justin Bieber performs ' What Do You Mean ' w / Dan Kanter on the ZM Online radio station in New Zealand October 2 2015 HTTPURL
neutral	Rousey to fight former boxer - Mixed martial arts star Ronda Rousey said Friday she will face female boxer Holly H ... HTTPURL
positive	That was n't even the day I wanted to go most and it was insane can't wait for Kendrick tomorrow
negative	" Saudi Arabia , Iran Face Dueling Drug Epidemics : Both the governments of Saudi Arabia and Iran announced Monday ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Ed Sheeran will have a 5 minutes song and in the 1st , 4th & 5th minute you listens to the instrumental and he only sings 2nd & 3rd minutes "
neutral	@USER I guess you considered that 9th inning vs the Red Sox on Friday a comeback as well
negative	" I took my 1st class , Charlie Hebdo was attacked . I stand up with consistency , Paris is assaulted . Beware if I get a special . #MerdeALaMort "
neutral	" @USER McGregor vs Aldo and Rousey vs Tate 3 December 5th , Dallas , TX AT & T Stadium ... sound good to you ? "
positive	I just remembered I saw Sam smith on Friday and I want to cry bc I miss him :( (
neutral	I like to avoid my Monday 's like Miley avoided Nicki at the VMAs
positive	Can you write me two tickets to the U2 concert at the garden Friday night ? I love U2
neutral	#yakubToHang Breaking NEWS : President studying Yakub 's mercy plea.Says he doesnt want to decide in haste.Needs time.Hanging may not happen
negative	I 'm supposed to see Frank Ocean tomorrow . Then he pulled another houdini and wo n't be going to FYF .
negative	OMG Im so tired . Before I was looking forward to Big Brother . I just realized its only Tuesday . I thought it was Wednesday . Doh
neutral	Josh Hamilton just chased a pitch in the dirt for the first out of the 1st .
neutral	@USER hahahaha i was thinking the same thing . Welp . You better make milan drive fast tomorrow
neutral	@USER @USER may I please have the picture of the seatplan for The Vamps Concert please
neutral	Is it February yet ? Need the new J . Cole album ( with Kendrick ? ) .
positive	" I want them to amp all the way up to an 11th Sharknado , then do 12th where two guys in shark costumes just reenact " " My Dinner With Andre . " " "
neutral	" Speed Of Light Iron Maiden | Format : MP3 Music Release Date : August 14 , 2015 Download : $ 1.29 ( Visit the Hot ... HTTPURL "
negative	" Gay marriage is NOT a constitutional right ! Not recognized with Christians , Buddists , or Islam for that matter . HTTPURL "
positive	" Beautiful evening last Friday for the Carols by candlelight and twilight market ! Lots of kids , lots of sweet ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Chelsea Manning may face solitary confinement after caught with the Caitlyn Jenner Vanity Fair HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	When I went to the Justin bieber concert when I was in 6th grade floor tickets were $ 55 now they 're like $ 500 +
positive	" @USER @USER yeah , well I had Thor 's hammer and helmet in the 5th grade . And Storm 's cape . I still have n't grown up . LOL "
neutral	" Yes , Thor , I remember those 6th inning stats of yours . Let 's lose them tonight , hey ? #LGM "
positive	" On the auspicious day of Eid , may you be blessed with peace , prosperity and happiness . Eid Mubarak to all .. ! "
positive	Murray stays alive ! He wins the 3rd set 7-6 ! #USOpen #tennis
neutral	@USER @USER he 's making an album with Kendrick and Drake ... it drops sometime in February
neutral	" Sat night with textbooks , wine and Naruto . Oh it 's lit "
positive	@USER Never had a need for Twitter . Then Sharknado made the public responsible for April 's life . Hope to see you in Sharknado 4 .
neutral	" someone teach me their ways , seriously need to meet Shawn when he comes to NYC on sept 8th "
neutral	My friday night consists of bingewatching Inside Amy Schumer on my pc with my flatmate next to me on my bed watching something scary on hers
positive	" My review of " " Straight Out of Compton " " If you like Ice Cube , you may like his son better . plus " " bye Felicia " " makes even more sense B + "
neutral	Weird . Hammer of Thor is approved along with many others that may or may not be objectionable . Thor ? VA approved ? HTTPURL
neutral	" Pope 's Sunday Angelus : " " If the heart does n't change , we are n't true Christians " " ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" If Iran was ruled by " " rational " " anti-semites , it would turn to Israel . see @USER HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	Anyone want a ticket for Zac Brown Band for saturday at citizens bank ... I am selling one for $ 40
negative	" @USER u can imagine what may happen if they allow the enemies to enter Madinah . Plus , they broke the covenant they had with Muslims "
neutral	#YakubVerdict Yakub should be hang by tomorrow any how.Then it will be great victory of our Hindustan Constitutionthe half part we have won .
neutral	" I wonder how DJ Pooh feels about the scene in " " Straight Outta Compton " " where Ice Cube writes the " " Friday " " script all by himself . "
neutral	" I had #nochill with my Bad Blood snap chat from Saturday 's show , oh well I literally do n't care "
positive	Calibraska is 6th on the carts in Australia IM SO PROUD ! ! ! #CalibraskaEP @USER @USER HTTPURL
positive	" RIP Frank Gifford one of the all time greatest Giants and a mainstay on Monday Night Football for years , #FrankGifford "
positive	So far for these past weeks all my music has consisted of Zac Brown Band songs . So excited for the concert Friday !
neutral	kailey just got me into the Ed Sheeran concert on Thursday and im nelenieshuewjshs
positive	Listening to Nirvana at 2am on a Monday morning while eating noodles . I do n't know about you but I 'm doing life right
positive	" Really , this Sharknado cast may be the . Best since Boogie Nights . "
neutral	" How 's you 're Saturday night going , on a scale from Tom Brady to Courtroom Tom Brady ? HTTPURL "
neutral	" Hi Niall , Can you wish me good luck because tomorrow I have to do an operation to my foot and I 'm really scared ! X5 "
neutral	@USER are you having a sneaky Monday night drink Murray ?
positive	I am optimistic about coach Sunday Oliseh 's ability to turnaround the Super Eagles . We are due an inspirational team .
neutral	" Stephen Carter : The 1st line of " " Go Set a Watchman " " does what it should : " " It makes us want to know what happens next " " HTTPURL "
positive	" Happy 2nd birthday to Prince George , third in line to the British throne ! HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER They have a very weak evening schedule tonight ( Murray & Halep ) , & Serena in the afternoon tomorrow "
neutral	@USER no offense but zayn left on the 25th an my organs are on the g r o u n d
positive	" Well , you 're white so you 're Gucci ! Avoid the sun though because you might get tan ! ! HTTPURL "
negative	" George Osborne : " " Sun will never shine again if Corbyn elected . " " ( Well , the Chancellor 's defence comments are almost that stupid ) . "
neutral	" No idea where Scott Walker sought medical care following his violent sink encounter , but he may want to obtain a second opinion ! "
neutral	im just honestly sat here in awe at nicki haters . like legit how can you hate her for calling someone out for talking shit about her
positive	@USER @USER I heard her say so on a radio interview - think it was Chris Evans breakfast show - Friday a week or so back
positive	" #yoga and bier this Saturday @USER with Annamarie at 11:00 ! Donation Yoga , bring $ for Bier . All proceeds go to @USER ! ... "
positive	" Louis and Harry love home Sunday roast . Liam loves curry , while Niall loves all the food in general "
positive	Boko Haram has a new leader and he may be willing to negotiate : Chadian President - HTTPURL
neutral	Curtis may remain #Swans boss until the new year as manager search goes on HTTPURL via @USER
positive	" Zayn dedicated his 1st solo award to the boys & the boys ' to Zayn : " " ) #5monthswithoutzayn #MTVHottest One Direction HTTPURL "
positive	Chris Evans is like the sun . He 's warm and he glows .
positive	So excited to see the Foo Fighters tomorrow #dreamcometrue
neutral	Josh Hamilton catch top of the 7th . #SCtop10
neutral	" In #StraightOuttaCompton Ice Cube was writing the Scripts for " " Boyz in the Hood " " and " " Friday " " "
neutral	@USER meanwhile the Red Sox are going to win their way to picking after the 10th pick then losing that pick when signing free agent
positive	" Paid my bills , bought some groceries , did a bit of price-shopping on some clothes , and bought my ticket for Ant-Man later tonight . #Saturday "
negative	China : Nine arrested in crackdown against Christians as row about church crosses continues HTTPURL
neutral	" This is when Josh Hamilton tackles something from the order diptera in the backfield , right ? HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER I ran off with U2 at 17 & I think I 'm still grounded ! Sleeping with Sirens in Feb next yr too ! #embarrassingMum
positive	" @USER Guernsey - those islanders love the G-Funk and Ice Cube covers . Over to Amsterdam in November , Belize and then Glasgow #homecoming "
neutral	The 2nd Amendment to the U . S . Constitution orignally included the right of Chuck Norris to Roundhouse Kick .
neutral	3rd ! bottom at the left part ! #MTVStars The Vamps HTTPURL
positive	What a huge match tomorrow in the US Amateur quarterfinals - - NCAA Champ Bryson DeChambeau vs . British Open 54 - hole leader Paul Dunne .
neutral	" #fashion #style Kim Kardashian Explains the Special Secret Meaning Behind Her " " Just Mar ... HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	I 'm not ready for this 5th album . I was n't even able to handle Niall and Louis and Liam 's tweets yesterday about the rumors
neutral	" Sharknado may have had David Hasselhoff on the moon , but it did n't have Steve Guttenberg as Iron Man . #Lavalantula "
negative	Dustin Johnson dealt with another major disappointment after shooting + 3 & going from leading after 2 at - 10 to being tied for 22nd & at - 7
positive	I just wanna go see Ed Sheeran on Thursday :/ /
positive	So excited to see Paper Towns on Tuesday ... Is it any good tho ?
neutral	" Head coach of the Super Eagles , Sunday Oliseh , has hailed Odion Ighalo after his goal against Evert ... HTTPURL #badotweet "
negative	@USER @USER Tweeted January at time of Charlie Hebdo - stupid then ( & now ) but not tweeted tonight .
neutral	" For those of you in #Scarborough or #Malvern , yoga is being offered Saturday mornings . Check it out : HTTPURL "
neutral	" George Harrison 's review of the Sun : " " It 's all right . " " "
negative	" Saudi Arabia is over producing to drive down the price of oil to eliminate US competition ! Bye , bye oil jobs ! HTTPURL "
positive	When Dunkin ' Donuts actually get your order right on a Saturday morning you know it 's going to be a good day
neutral	" @USER how about : " " the female gays " " . " " Purple Gays " " . " " Make Gay While the Sun Shines " " . " " Fifty Shades of Gay " " "
neutral	" Lucky for Christians , their holy book is filled with tips & tricks for convenient slave ownership . #Bible HTTPURL "
positive	Yippee ! and today we get to celebrate ( belated ) our 10th Wedding anniversary . The Foo Fighters tonight ! ! ! with ... HTTPURL
positive	6th strike out by David Price . Love the calm & trust from our pitcher #BlueJays
neutral	What these white people at school tomorrow have SO MUCH to say about Nicki ! ! ! #ImReady
positive	I love how Randy comes back in time to be involved in a ppv and we all accept it because c'mon it 's Randy Orton
neutral	" Monday 's episode " " Hulk Hogan , Boobs & On the DL " " with guest @USER is up now ! Take a listen ! It 's shit ! | HTTPURL "
neutral	and my mom who KNOWS IM GAY just sat there and laughed
positive	Undertaker vs Brock lesnar kesho sunday wah ... this is the fight of the century now ... i need to see the ... HTTPURL
negative	Donald Trump 's response to the Charlie Hebdo shooting that took place in January just shows how ignorant and stupid he really is
neutral	Tom Rinaldi did n't want to end his interview with Paul Dunne until Dunne was properly intimidated by tomorrow . Way to drive it home Tom .
neutral	i want frank ocean 's head on my doorstep by the time the sun is up ... make it happen
positive	update : boss texted me to ask if I read the Rolling Stone article about GCJr 's upcoming album #wow gonna cry when he retires in December
neutral	" @USER nah we 're driving up for Eid in Rochdale which is on the 22nd I believe , so I 'll just stay an extra night "
positive	Super Eagles head coach Sunday Oliseh is happy with outcome of the 2018 Fifa World Cup preliminar ... HTTPURL
positive	" @USER hey thank you so much for your help Moto G ( 3rd Generation ) Delivery expected by Fri , 21st Aug ' 15 Your item has been confirmed "
neutral	@USER I saw Tenth Avenue North Saturday night and he sang part of Bad Blood ( talking about unforgiveness ) and Shut-up and Dance .
neutral	Floyd Mayweather Vs Andre Berto Sept 12th ... I 'm pretty sure we know the outcome lol but hey anything 's possible .
positive	Patches and Bonnets receives its first award in Milan by the President of the fair ! 5th day at the fair and the ... HTTPURL
neutral	" If you 're going to be sad , you may as well be sad in Milan . "
neutral	" Title for Title match , winner take all , will it be Seth Rollins or will John Cena become 16th time World Champ & tie Ric Flair ? ! #SummerSlam "
neutral	Gucci inexpressibles ego acceptation may embody the twosome yours meaningful open door junta so elenchus extan ...
positive	Banging on The #RollingStones on a Friday night with @USER to start the weekend - after-hour Nirvana . HTTPURL
positive	@USER Ca n't wait for Friday because Milo and for you guys to see Paper Towns
neutral	UAB 's Paul Dunne will play in final group Monday with Louis Oosthuizen . Jason Day will play with Jordan Spieth . #BritishOpen
positive	Someone PLEASE go see Zac Brown Band with me tomorrow night
positive	" July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day . Preparation and condiment styles vary regionally across the U . S . , with mustard being the No . 1 choice . "
neutral	@USER do you have info for The Vamps in Brussels tomorrow ?
neutral	" #TimPeake is now listening to Lady Gaga , but it 's not on his playlist . Must be pick of another astronaut ? HTTPURL "
positive	the winner of tomorrow 's game ? JOHN CENA
positive	I just found out Sharknado 3 comes out tomorrow night . I 'm beyond excited
neutral	anyone want to buy Jason aldean tickets off me for September 11th ? priced to move .
positive	Wishing Sunday was today . #SummerSlam Someone 's going to hell tomorrow night . Either Brock Lesnar or Undertaker .
neutral	" @USER @USER I have a theory . Niall will be 1st to tweet . Louis , Liam & nothing from Harry . Once the hiatus starts . Idk . "
neutral	" John Cena and Randy Orton brawl outside the ring : Raw , Jan . , 20 , 2014 HTTPURL via @USER "
neutral	Who going to the Kendrick lame concert tomorrow ?
neutral	Harper Lee may not have published Go Set a Watchman were she not taken advantage of in her older age / illness . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER even though tomorrow is Xbox 1 and PS4 birthday for having minecraft it still should be fair to us because old gen was orginal .
neutral	Iran ups oil output by 500k barrels in hours : Iran said on Saturday that it has set a record in boosting its o ... HTTPURL
neutral	Picture of EID 2nd day in SOLO . HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER 15 . what dreams may come , love , rosie , puncture , lizzie mcguire , the theory of everything , the twilight saga , the nanny diaries "
negative	But Iran itself is discriminating against #Afghan refugees so much that it is to the point of racism . HTTPURL
positive	@USER Shawn and the 3rd one are rly hot I 'll give u that
neutral	" @USER Hi , do you have any idea what time the Foo Fighters gig is due to finish tomorrow night ? Thanks ! "
neutral	" @USER Hey Curtis - Not sure if you have an Apple TV , but the 1st prank app for Apple TV launched today ! HTTPURL "
neutral	WWE : Fan enters the picture and surprise Seth Rollins on Monday Night RAW
positive	" Did you miss our BOGO deal on National Hot Dog day ? Have no fear , we are doing it again ! ! ! On Friday , July 31st ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER Who 's gone be the 3rd guy for the shield again will it be Seth Rollins stay tune everyone
negative	" Well , 15 August must be a Shameful day 4 #India because Hindus never wanted to give freedom to Muslims . y celebrate ? #FreedomForKhalistan "
negative	" Milan fire as all fucks too , never seen the 2nd one tho . "
positive	Tune into Reelz tomorrow at 7pm CT to support Alpha Mu 's Rebecca Dunn in the Miss USA pageant . Go Becca ! We love you ! HTTPURL
neutral	Katy Perry 's game flops while Kim Kardashian breaks the app store - The Sun HTTPURL
neutral	" as I was walking to go sit on a bench , Paul McCartney was sitting there smoking a cigarette and looking at the moon too . I sat by him and he "
negative	" @USER You may be glad to see Christianity die . But Islam will replace it , not follow Christianity 's example . And then you may have .. "
positive	" I KNOW WE CAN MAKE IT TO 1ST PLACE #TrackOfTheDay Rest Your Love by The Vamps , found with @USER , Listen now : HTTPURL "
positive	" Harper Lee 's Go Set a Watchman comes out tomorrow , I just want to call into work so I can read it all day . "
negative	@USER @USER obama 's evil comments on the podium has fuelled hate in blacks and Muslims . His aim is civil war for automatic 3rd term
neutral	" Indians crash out in semis : Sri Lanka will meet Kazakhstan in the final on Sunday . Earlier , Iran men trounced ... HTTPURL "
negative	" And tomorrow Nicki is going to be seen as " " a raging angry black women " " for calling Miley out of something that she is GUILTY for "
positive	' Paul Dunne ' appeared on Monday 20 at the 15th place in the Top 20 of Glasgow 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
negative	" @USER In 5th grade I fell down some stairs , fractured my left leg , got a concussion . The next day I bought the full Twilight series "
neutral	" can I wear my hair like this for the 3rd day in a row ? " " if I can wear my flannel for the 3rd day in a row " " me n Briana getting ready "
neutral	" Rahul Gandhi drags Modi in National Herald case , alleges vendetta by PMO : New Delhi , Dec 9 : Upping the ante o ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Looking closely at John Kasich . A moderate who may finally get me to vote the other way . Extremists on either side will not serve us well , "
positive	Who 's going to be 1st in line tomorrow for FREE hot dogs to celebrate National Hot Dog Day ? ? First 100 people get FREE Fenway dogs .
neutral	" #topgear BBC 's Top Gear , with Chris Evans , starts on 8 May 2016 : New Top gear has con ... HTTPURL - HTTPURL "
neutral	date : august 11th still no sign of frank ocean 's new album . the world is turning on itself . buildings are burning . god refuses to comment .
positive	THIS OFFER ENDS TOMORROW ! Get Dustin Johnson to finish in the TOP 5 at 3/1 or Jordan Spieth at 5/1 when you join : HTTPURL
positive	The Vamps will be on the cover of the next @USER issue ! It 's coming out on Jan 2nd ! HTTPURL
neutral	Louis ' having a baby with Briana but then he 's currently with Danielle . I mean c'mon ... He could have focus more with the baby by now .
negative	not a damn thing went the way of the Red Sox tonight and that 's baseball and that 's life . win the series tomorrow .
negative	Today is the 7th anniversary of Israel 's major aggression against #Gaza . They killed 1500 Palestinian citizens in 22 days .
positive	someone pls take me to see Sam Smith i may cry my eyes out the whole time but pls take me
neutral	John Kasich cartoon needed different caption : Sun News Letter to the Editor HTTPURL #Shaker
neutral	Went to an event hosted by @USER where I sang ' Lay Me Down ' by Sam Smith and the wrong minus one was played HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci unmentionables alter ego hopeful prognosis march bring to notice the pair your significative up-to-date ...
positive	" I may congratulate you will not hear from town , but feeding and while Justin Bieber , let them pleasing . "
positive	" Kanye West may be a douche bag at times , but he 's a genius and an inspiration . #VMAs "
negative	" I can feel Louis saying a huge ' fuck you ' to the Zayn it may be just me , but I 'm a lit student take my word for it "
positive	" The Red Sox may be in last place in their division , but at least they are still the best of the last place teams . "
neutral	Paul Dunne 1 up going down the 18th in his match with Robbie Ziegler at the US Amateur Championship
neutral	Great way to end my 21st : watch the Miss USA pageant and cry because fat and ugly
positive	you dont understand how excited i am for the foo fighters tomorrow ! ! mother fuckin @USER #foofighters * whispers * foo fighters
neutral	Well it 's official ... my family has decided to buy another great dane pup . Thor 's biological sister will be here on Friday .
neutral	Tony Blair 's former chief of staff want to talk to ISIS @USER HTTPURL
neutral	I may or may not be in love with Kanye west
neutral	George Osborne now just trolling : HTTPURL
neutral	Janet Jackson cut a low-key figure as she touched down at LAX airport on Tuesday while flanked by a mass of security guards . She is set to
neutral	Are we going to have a copy of Kane and lynch 2 : dog days to play tomorrow ?
neutral	Gucci plenty she fair prospect march fall out the dichotomous your connotative access dragging down against pl ...
negative	It sucks we live in a world where Sharknado is about to start a 4th sequel but we can't get a Tron 3 or Dredd 2 .
positive	@USER Oh my gOD . THta 's okay tho ! Milan may nag a lot but He Has A BIg Heart and would n't leave Alejandro with nowhere to go
positive	Do anybody else agree that Cole and Kendrick did better on each other song with the black friday
neutral	David Wright goes first to home with half a spine and Matt Harvey wants to quit after tomorrow . #HOTTAEKS
positive	K-Rod is just trying to set up Ryan Braun for a walk off grand slam in the 9th . He 's all about making his teammates look good . #selfless
positive	" @USER : They 'll confirm De Gea tomorrow .. There Real Madrid , they 'll get what they want . Hmmm .. "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER has said his protest is about the successful operation of terminating IRA operatives on a Sunday
positive	It 's been a good day . A busy day . But a good one . New glasses prescription . Ordering new frames Tuesday . Did some drawing . NOW YOGA ! ! !
negative	Everyone 's excited for Paper Towns releasing tomorrow but take it from me the movie was absolutely horrible
neutral	Just scored Tom Brady at the bottom of the 7th round . @USER
negative	" Yakub is hanged . Y d cry ! ! Y d nonsense over his religion.Whtevr religion he may belong 2 , he ws a terrorist n thts all 1 needs 2 c n undrstnd "
positive	July 20th 2015 is a historic Night thanks to the #WWE #RAW and #TheDeadMan @USER for bringing in Brock Lesnar to start a riot #WWE
negative	" @USER To be totally fair ( not that he is n't a shit ) this was in January , in response to the Charlie Hebdo attacks "
neutral	Football : ( 10:39 2Q ) - Touchdown @USER . Curtis runs in for his 3rd TD in the first 20 min . of the game . 20th TD on season for Curtis .
positive	From the very 1st pitch the Baseball Gods had the Red Sox winning that game they better make it up to us in the long run
neutral	' Frank Gifford ' appeared on Monday 10 at the 19th place in the Top 20 of Edmonton 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
negative	" Oddly , Dustin Johnson may be better served to play the final round chasing not being chased . He can play to win , not play NOT to lose . "
neutral	" Sam Smith 's ' Writing 's on the Wall ' Is the Theme of New Bond Film Spectre : On Monday , Smith hinted that he was ... HTTPURL "
positive	" When Nicki came into the game Bey was working on her 4th solo # 1 album after selling millions , so for Nicki to share the same stage is a lot "
negative	" What has this world has come to , 1st Trump 4 president , now Kim Kardashian emojis.Do they have to take all the joy ? #trump #Kardashians #bullshit "
neutral	" Y'all was gna be mad at Nicki anyway . She just stole all the headlines for tomorrow , keep fuming bitches ! New Queen of the VMA 's . "
negative	" Egypt rejects $ 257M natural gas deal with Israel : Arutz Sheva - Middle East - Fri , 25 Dec 2015 06:23 : 43 GMTegy ... HTTPURL "
neutral	#Rangers place Josh Hamilton on the 15 - day DL retro to Aug 16 with left knee inflammation . Activate Will Venable
neutral	" @USER @USER In occult code Thor , the representant of Thursday 's Thunder means Hort : the outside lying horse . ~ eVa , hors d ' oeuvre "
negative	So sad to hear about about Frank Gifford ... May he rest in peace ...
positive	WWE Announcer : HE'S SLITHERING IN ... RANDY ORTON IS IN A PLACE WE'VE NEVER SEEN HIM BEFORE ! * Randy Orton floating in the 13th dimension *
neutral	" We are no longer where we were on 7 January , when the rampage began at the offices of Charlie Hebdo . The war has ... HTTPURL "
positive	" In other news , can't wait to see Ant-Man tomorrow night , hopefully it 's what I expect "
neutral	Meanwhile David Price 2-0 with ERA under 1 ... HTTPURL
neutral	The 10th Amendment and Gay Marriage : A Defense of the Bill of Rights and Individual Liberty HTTPURL
neutral	So Chris Evans & Robert Downey Jr are on #JimmyKimmel tomorrow night ! I expect the #CivilWar trailer to drop or an announcement #Cap3 #Marvel
positive	The husband of one of our Associate Producers just made Rolling Stone 's list of Top Ten Bands to Watch ! HTTPURL #music #film
negative	@USER Give Tom Brady the #crybabY and his New England Patriots their 1st loss of the season
positive	" @USER I really want to see Justin Bieber April 10,2016 in Dallas , Texas "
neutral	What does everyone think between the undertake and Brock lesnar on Monday night way ? Staged or real ? ? ?
positive	Delivery has just arrived for Sunday 's National Ice Cream Day . Staff are getting excited here for their sundae 's ! ... HTTPURL
neutral	Scott Walker repeatedly avoided whether he would deport children born in the USA . Maybe did n't get to the 14th Amendment b4 he quit college .
negative	GEJ needs a public apology from all those that called him the sponsor of Boko Haram . Every Sunday and Friday is a feast day for Boko Haram .
neutral	Iran said on Monday that Israeli lobbying was behind a new measure passed by the U . S . HTTPURL
negative	@USER Not accurate . Red Sox are 13-9 since Aug 10 . Jays 15-6 and Yanks are 14-9 in the same time period .
neutral	Seth Rollins Leaves Hotel with Cops on Saturday Night HTTPURL #News #WWE HTTPURL
neutral	Does Moto G 3rd Gen support 4G on both the sims ( band 3 and 40 )
positive	@USER @USER Lil Kim will be remembered as the 3rd / 4th most successful female rapper . Nicki will / is the 1st . Numbers do n't lie .
positive	" Koski :: CNN amends debate criteria , Carly Fiorina may get in : The organizers of the next Republican president ... HTTPURL "
positive	Going to go see Ant-Man on Monday morning . I have the best life .
neutral	If wwe need a 3rd member of the wyatts so that sting can join Ambrose and reigns Chris Benoit or hulk Hogan could always join them
neutral	" By George Aluo SUPER Eagles ' Head Coach , Sunday Oliseh , has declared that he is con - demned to winning next ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" If Real Madrid 's appeal to Uefa and LFP for the De Gea transfer is successful , he 'll join them tomorrow . Yikes . "
positive	" Friday : Star Wars Day ! ! ! Sandwich of the Day : Ham Solo w Melted Brie , Arugula , Mango Mustard & Pepper Relish on Sourdough "
positive	This is a Harper worth looking forward to . Go Set a Watchman 's 1st chapter stuns fans with bombshell plot twist HTTPURL
positive	In #Toronto for the #PanAmGames ? Wanna party Gangnam Style with 100 ' s of Kpop fans ? See you Friday night . HTTPURL #PanAm
negative	briana 's baby is due in march if it 's on my birthday ill deactivate
neutral	" @USER Alls I know , the one who paved the way for this nuclear deal-God help us if he 's Iran 's 12th IMAM / the Christian 's AntiChrist . "
neutral	Randy Orton may be leaving WWE if he does n't get a part-time deal with them ! #WWE
neutral	If you go to #calabasashigh remember to sign up for the gay straight alliance on Thursday during lunch
negative	" I swear to god if this boy is pulling a Frank Ocean , all the boys will be crying . I have such trust issues now . HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER Thanks . Any credibility to Kane interest with Huberdeau as centerpiece ? Or shall I just wait until tomorrow ?
positive	My shift was cancelled for tomorrow . Time watch Naruto and Cowboy Bebop all day . #Mylife
negative	@USER I feel sorry for Paul Dunne ! If he keeps playing the way hes playing he 'll be British by tomorrow evening ! ! #rockonrockall
neutral	HTTPURL Tom Brady and the New England Patriots . Are you ready for Thursday Night Football ? #Embargo #NFL #PatriotsNation
neutral	#cyber1news Iron Sheik did n't take news of Hulk Hogan scandal well : Hulk Hogan hit rock bottom Friday when he ... HTTPURL
positive	" Okay so I 'm going to be able to cross off 3 Legend bands / artist from my Bucket List .. AC / DC , Paul McCartney and tomorrow Metallica ! #Legends "
neutral	And Saudi Arabia have the nerve to say Trumps a bad guy for wanting to ban Muslims ... HTTPURL
negative	" Kendrick the GOAT twitter " " All females hoes " " twitter HTTPURL "
positive	" Twilight Thursday at the Arms Family Museum ! Memories of Christmas Past is open 12-7 today , with music from the Mahoning Valley Chorale . "
neutral	I met the bake clean off josh Hamilton on the 19th
negative	" Yeah , #JohnKerry said the Charlie Hebdo attacks may have had " " legitimacy " " or at least a " " rationale . " " Dude needs to stop . #ParisAttacks "
neutral	Yakub 's wife leaves for Nagpur . Attempt to meet one last time . Yakub 's body will be flown to Mumbai tomorrow where he 'll be buried #nagpur
positive	@USER i was listening to the remastered version of Thursday but got the original its v gritty like HoB but Rolling Stone is my fav atm
positive	" No matter what happens in tomorrow 's final round at the #TheOpen , Paul Dunne has given @USER the best exposure at the highest level "
positive	" 29 March 1987 - Wrestlemania III -93,173 watch Hulk Hogan beat Andre the Giant . HTTPURL "
neutral	" My new sounds : I 'm Not the Only One - Sam Smith Feat . Joe Budden , Mr . Probz and Harry May ( mashup ) HTTPURL on #SoundCloud "
positive	" On Niall 's birthday on Sunday the 13th , we should all tweet a video on why we love and appreciate him . #HappyBirthdayNiall "
neutral	Is it true that top Ad agencies have decided not to give business to Times of India for their undue coverage to Yakub on 31 July ?
positive	" Dont miss this tomorrow : Superstars Ink on HTTPURL w / its 1st guess , the WWE & US Champ , Seth Rollins HTTPURL "
neutral	Kris Bryant is 3rd in the league ... in strikeouts #Leader #phenom #NextPujols #Rookie of Year #MVP #loser HTTPURL
neutral	Kyle Seager went 3 - for - 4 with a solo home run and a walk in Friday 's win over the White Sox . #Mariners #MLB
neutral	@USER Jesus said he who has not sinned may cast the first stone . w8 that was a whore.Jesus then threw rock at gay couple kissing.RYT ?
neutral	" Man United expect to keep David de Gea beyond January and do n't foresee Real Madrid coming back for him in January , reports the Guardian . "
neutral	@USER Any news re the new David Bowie single out tomorrow ?
positive	" I had a really great time watching Ant-man , reminded me of the 1st time watching Iron man , where the character tries to learn who he is "
positive	i 'll just be over here begging my dad to take me to see paul mccartney at nationwide in october ...
negative	" if Yakub had faith in Indian Judicial System that he came back , why did he blow up people in Mar - 93 as justice for riot victims ? "
negative	The city of Milan was brought to a standstill on Monday after the local government barred all traffic within ... HTTPURL
neutral	" RIP Frank Gifford , #16 for the NY Giants , teammate of Cowboys coach Tom Landry , original play by play sportscaster for Mon . Night Football "
neutral	" Meeting up tomorrow night back at Shawn and Amy 's to hang out , eat , and discuss the first chapter from 6:30- 8: 30 . See you then ! "
neutral	@USER oh I know . That Sunday vs the Red Sox made me feel unnatural things
positive	" I can't wait for the Diamond Is Unbreakable anime in April , looking forward to seeing " " anime David Bowie " " get a raging hard on for hands "
neutral	i think ima take Milan to the fair tomorrow
neutral	" Meryl StreepThis past Sunday , Amy Schumer cemented her position at the top of ... HTTPURL "
positive	5 RT 's if you want the next episode of twilight princess tomorrow
positive	Saw Carol last Friday-beautiful beautiful film filled with incredible acting . Love Cate Blanchett .
neutral	Having a cinema day tomorrow to watch Inside Out and Paper Towns
positive	" Niall is probably going to see 5sos tomorrow in NJ , love my luck :) ) "
positive	I can feel the sun whenever you 're near Every time you touch me I just melt away #MTVStars Lady Gaga
negative	I may have threw up in my mouth and screamed a little when the trailer came on before Paper Towns
neutral	Paul Dunne ( a ) is + 2 after just two holes and has fallen back and is T - 11th #TheOpen2015
neutral	@USER Heeey could you look for Shawn 's hotel in Madrid for his concert the 12th of September ? ? Thankss
neutral	_RT_ bobbymoo : jreynoldsMP That 's Real Madrid trying to open the De Gea documents sent over by #MUFC on Sunday ...
negative	Muslim Obama again proves his preference to Islam over American lives ... & there are still fools believing it #tcot HTTPURL
neutral	Canucks tickets went on sale August 17th for their training camp in Prince George . Who 's going ? ... HTTPURL
positive	" @USER why hello and happy Thursday to you Briana , it 's been a while , I love your new profile picture btw , gorgeous "
positive	Niall on april 24th 2015 the best day he looked so good
neutral	@USER @USER @USER Factual error : Army chief did not spend Eid night there as he was in Pindi for Open House Sat evening .
neutral	Kris Bryant gets a sunflower seed shower after his 5th inning homer . And it was chilly ? #Cubs : HTTPURL
positive	Next Thursday is going to be the greatest day ever ! Both my teachers already cancelled class and Tom Brady leads the Pats out of the tunnel
negative	" You may remember Frank Gifford for football , but I remember him for putting his cock in another girl 's ass while he was married to Kath Lee . "
neutral	Someone get Dunkin with me tomorrow morning .
positive	Natasa Ex Catholic lady she converted to Islam few month 's ago may Allah Guide All of us and bless her . HTTPURL
positive	Wishing Prince George a very Happy 2nd Birthday from the Old Star ! Cheers ! #HappyBirthdayPrinceGeorge HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER Been in alliance for quite some time and may be to counter Saudi Arabia . Qatar had recently agreed deal with Iran .
neutral	you know it 's too early to be awake on a Sunday when reg pulls away from dunkin drive through without getting the food
negative	I do n't have Faith on constitution.Sorry to Yakub 's family .. May God bless Yakub 's soul with rest and peace in heaven.Hang rapist first ..
neutral	" Seeing @USER tomorrow at LifeLight ! Hoping a cover of " " Bad Blood " " is included in the set list ! "
negative	" Israel razes West Bank home of Modi'in hammer terrorist : Last Tuesday , the 39 - year-old hacked and wounded two ... HTTPURL "
positive	" I want to thank Ryan Braun for hitting that home run to send Bernie down the slide , and thereby making my kids ' 1st game " " the coolest ever ! " " "
neutral	How you going to be a Cole account and put up the Kendrick verse ... ? HTTPURL
negative	Some people might say there 's something slightly bleak about a rearranged Tuesday night Foo Fighters concert in a cold rugby stadium .
positive	" asdfghjkl ; why are you so cute ? ! happy 2nd birthday , prince george ! HTTPURL "
neutral	" David Wright , the guy with the nice forearms is starting at 3rd tonight #TellYourFriends HTTPURL "
positive	@USER sunday sunday sunday ! come on down to the WWE SUPERSLAM where john cena defends hos tiitle against CMP PUUUUNK ! sunday !
neutral	" Oh right , it was the 3rd of September today : " " Papa Was A Rolling Stone " " . HTTPURL "
neutral	John kasich you may live . You dont have my support but you may live
neutral	Holiday Meal in Curtis and Huffman Tuesday 12/8 / 15 during regular dinner hours . Check the menu online HTTPURL
positive	Good Morning .. Last day of the Eid vacation . Office starts from tomorrow :( HTTPURL
negative	" @USER if Dana White had his head any further up her box he 'd disappear . Joe Rogan , too . Fucking paper champion who had 1st real fight . "
positive	January 's Baby Miss Heart of the USA Calendar Queen enjoying ice cream on National Ice Cream Day over the weekend ! HTTPURL
negative	My parents are going to the Zac Brown Band concert tomorrow night and I 'm so jealous .
positive	Dustin Johnson would be the greatest golfer in the world right now if he could play the weekend like Thursday and Friday in majors
neutral	" Prince George turns 2 years old on Wednesday , and while many people would assume he 'll be sho ... HTTPURL #HollywoodDivas "
negative	Do not miss the point . Today it is for Yakub . Tomorrow the candles will burn for rapists on death row . These same feminists will light them .
neutral	@USER tomorrow some body does it for Rahul Gandhi if he is PM I will RT . You wont understand . Keep burning ! Lulz @USER
neutral	Josh Hamilton doubles to start the 6th . Hard shot to the RF corner .
negative	Something may be slightly amiss in the NFL when Tim Tebow & Devon Still are cut & Tom Brady is allowed to play .
neutral	Gucci - Sun Valley ! #Zone6 what you know about that ?
neutral	" Last words of Yakub " " I did a mistake , May allah forgive me " " . did any rascal who stood for him understand what he meant ? "
neutral	is nobody going to see Ed Sheeran this Thursday or ..
neutral	Just reminding you all that it 's August 8th and there 's still no album from Frank Ocean HTTPURL
positive	" Tough 3rd round for Dustin Johnson , but he 's five shots back . Another 65 tomorrow and he 's right back in the thick of it #TheOpen "
neutral	Your copy of Go Set a Watchman may be missing lines at the end HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Anyone trying to hit up Jason Aldean with me Friday night in Charlotte ?
negative	" @USER The jersey stripes do n't line up in both photos , and the 2nd one is a ripoff from Milan 's 2013/14 . HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER Sumlin just mixing it up or is Murray the 2nd half an ?
neutral	David Lingmerth ( 12/1 ) & Scott Piercy ( 33/1 ) are now tied for 1st with Dustin Johnson on 6 under . In-Play > HTTPURL #USPGA
neutral	Some confusion took place in the minds of some Muslims since the jurists ( may Allah bestow mercy on them ) used the ... HTTPURL
neutral	Sting talks about Triple H and Seth Rollins - WWE Raw August 31 2015 HTTPURL
positive	" Just posted my video from my trip to Milan for the MTV EMAs back in October . It 's pretty cool . I mean , I 'd watch ... HTTPURL "
positive	Is it me or Celine Dion and Caitlyn Jenner look alike ? Yep ! This is my kind of Sunday 's question . Ok ! I 'm gone !
neutral	" #MeTVCHiPs : Tonight 's episode , ANYTHING BUT THE TRUTH is the 2nd episode aired to feature Caitlyn Jenner as a fill in for Erik Estrada . "
neutral	New #Nigeria boss Sunday Oliseh is in the crowd at Wembley and one of his Super Eagles - Victor Moses - is now on the pitch ... #AFCvCFC
neutral	If you want to see a COMPLETELY different version of Big Brother - follow @USER to keep up with Celebrity BB UK . Starts Thursday !
neutral	" amel shirt , missing from Eid 1st day , mentally abnormal hai kisi ko bhi itlaaaah milay please is number per contact karein 03332386735 , ... "
positive	Gucci plenty better self gall april foster the doublet your symbolic inflooding affairs so as to artist mettle ...
positive	" I have grown to love @USER ' s character , April , throughout the Sharknado franchise . #Sharknado3 "
neutral	Ryan Braun lines his 24th homer of the year to give #Brewers 1-0 lead over #Reds in the first inning at Miller Park .
neutral	March 18th until Uncharted 4 . Guess the Nathan Drake collection will tide me over on PS4 until then .
negative	" This weekend on the Fair & Balanced network , Fox News Sunday 's guests are crazy conservative Rick Perry and nutty conservative John Kasich . "
positive	Let me just clarify something for the record : the burrito stand at 18th and Curtis has the best damn burritos in ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Super Eagles , Dream Team coaches to work together : Sunday Oliseh and Samson Siasia met at the office of the Ge ... HTTPURL "
positive	In honour of Zac Brown Band tomorrow I will listen to every one of their songs from now until the concert
neutral	Prince George at two : His top 10 moments : Prince George is two on Wednesday . Here are the top 10 mom ... HTTPURL #news #NI
neutral	I just sat around for a minute trying to remember Ice Cube 's last name
positive	" @USER happy Thursday , Briana . I hope you have a good one . :) "
positive	" Drink a Tank 7 every time they say " " Thor " " on the #FOX broadcast and see if you can make it ' til the 5th inning . #BoulevardBeer "
neutral	Controversial spiritual leader Sat Guru Maharaj Ji has advised President Buhari to use traditional means to tackle the Boko Haram insurgency
neutral	" Hopefully Ice Cube get enough money from Barbershop 3 , Ride Along 2 & S . O . C to make the Last ' Friday ' movie . "
neutral	I may not be the biggest Hulk Hogan fan but he does deserve another chance especially with the lack of action on a certain NXT Diva w / #WWE .
positive	" Just makes you smile when you walk out side , the sun is shining and U2 ' s It 's a Beautiful Day is playing in the background . "
neutral	Pl tell this #CONgress installed Vice President doing his 2nd term in t chair tat he is VP India not a spokesman 4 Muslims #HamidAnsari #BJP
positive	Ca n't wait for #RAW tomorrow ! Brock Lesnar and Undertaker in the same arena ? ! ? #WWE HTTPURL
neutral	" Worth noting that Jays loss tonight could have been a David Price start but he was moved to Friday to face a " " better " " opponent ? "
neutral	" @USER Just once , I want to c Red Sox manager walk to mound & demonstratively yell at relief pitcher who walks people in 9th inning . "
neutral	" Like , we 're going to see Paul McCartney IRL , tomorrow ? ? ? ! ! ! "
negative	" jason aldean just said to have a great weekend on tuesday night . what the fuck , not cool dawg . "
positive	" You may ask , Jarrica what are you doing at 7AM ? ? ? ! ! ? I am listening to As The World Falls Down by David Bowie ... so yeah "
neutral	I may talk shit about twilight but you can bet your sweet ass I 'll be reppin #teamjacob all day
negative	Saudi to raise petrol prices by up to 40 % : Riyadh ( AFP ) - Saudi Arabia said Monday it was raising petrol price ... HTTPURL
positive	Omg Just read naruto special comic where naruto declared as the 7th hokage . #narutohokage
neutral	Rooney Mara wearing @USER S / S ' 16 to the 8th annual #MoMAFilmBenefit honoring Cate Blanchett last night ! HTTPURL
neutral	MSNBC : Carly Fiorina may have a hard time making it to the next GOP debate despite climbing up in the polls : HTTPURL
neutral	Going to have to call it a day after this set - but then so might Murray . Tie break . 3rd Set . 2-0 down .
neutral	WWE fires Hulk Hogan : The World Wrestling entertainment confirmed Friday morning that it had terminated it 's c ... HTTPURL
positive	Domino 's song of the day for Tuesday July 28th is : Zac Brown Band - Chicken Fried . Listen for it sometime between ... HTTPURL
neutral	Listening to the full interview now . Hoping there 's some context to the Kane remarks . HTTPURL
positive	Just got a position M-T weekends off (: Just need to make sure its all on paper Tuesday when I go in to sign & its all GUCCI !
neutral	" @USER Yesterday , did you see Kris Bryant go over to field 2nd base for a few pitches & then go back to 3rd ? Never seen that ever before "
neutral	Donald Trump Hopes to Run Against Kanye West in 2020 : Every since Kanye West announced Sunday that he pl ... HTTPURL #news
neutral	I hope it 's not like this tomorrow cause I 'm not going to stand in line for Sam Smith lol
positive	Dustin Johnson staggeringly bogeys 18th after 3 putts from off front of the green . He 'll rue that round for years . A 75 to be - 7 . #TheOpen
positive	Holy crap I literally just now realized that it is Friday and I did n't upload the new Dark Souls video . Great . Great ! GREAT !
positive	I met Camila back in April . My DNA on her hands . I love hanging out with Niall
neutral	May d Almighty ALLAH in his infinite mercy use dis set of service chiefs as the tool 2 end d Boko Haram menace on our land . @USER
neutral	LEGGO GUYS ! #DragMeDownDay enough with that KPOP thingy . It 's time to get serious . #MTVHottest One Direction HTTPURL
neutral	Floyd Mayweather says he quit after Saturday 's welterweight world title defense against underdog Andre Berto . HTTPURL
negative	All of the Santa Clauses that Chuck Norris sat on as a child are now paraplegic .
positive	he had a good life and a wonderful wife .. may Frank Gifford RIP HTTPURL
neutral	I may have invited my boyfriend over tomorrow because my Nirvana poster fell down and I 'm not tall enough to put it back up but he is so
neutral	I just checked for cheap Ed Sheeran tickets for next Wednesday in Miami . I could usually find something for less than 80 bucks . -
neutral	" Carly Fiorina : ' Game On ' : Carly Fiorina explained on Fox News Sunday this morning that the presidential " " race ... HTTPURL "
neutral	tomorrow 's Naruto episodes are the lasts ones right ? ?
positive	" Of course I 'm coming ! Writer is going to see Ant-Man tomorrow , but I know I will at least see ya ! ~ "
neutral	You may not like the guy but you have that 1 Kanye West track that makes you go . . Yerrrrrrtt
neutral	@USER @USER all this people should not be in Milan ether may be DS cuz he still had some time
neutral	They might as well drop the last Friday and let Ice Cube son play Craig niggas look jus alike
neutral	@USER @USER they turn the eiffel tower lights off in January for Charlie Hebdo ...
neutral	Floyd Mayweather is fight on September for free ... ? No wonder he picks Berto !
negative	Finding people who can actually see Zac Brown Band with me on Friday is a struggle right now
neutral	@USER tbh I also wanted to have him and Kane gain a partnership in case we need it 1-0 down and need a 2nd striker . No better game .
neutral	Dean Ambrose and Roman Regins might have found their 3rd partner because he is going to want payback #Raw
positive	I want to thank God and Ice Cube for Friday .
neutral	@USER * whispers * Mohammad 's 1st wife 's name was Khadija . She was the first to convert to Islam .
neutral	" Come Sunday , at SummerSlam , do you see Seth Rollins , as the man who John Cena beats to become the 16th time World Heavy Weight Champion ? "
negative	@USER but people hated way before then tbh and I think it may have been directed at lil ' Kim other than Iggy because Nicki denied later
neutral	30 August : Taylor Swift accepting her award for Blank Space with the Bad Blood squad at the MTV VMA Red Carpet HTTPURL
neutral	@USER v sun burnt & felt the need to put justin bieber lyrics to it bc who does n't want some jb in their lives
neutral	" @USER Yeah would be . Think Kane will retire soon , so that may happen with those two . Still got 8 months till Mania so we 'll see . "
positive	" I got my ticket to see Paul McCartney on the 31st , and I still can't believe this is happening #Lolla "
neutral	Catch NZKPaul at the Milan Expo 10-11 . 15am tomorrow in the Sala Colonne Plenary . Innovation in Education HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER I think you may want to consider David Price 's shoe laces for Jordan lol HTTPURL
positive	I went to see Paper Towns as a way to get away from the sun and see a mindless young adult film with a happy ending . ( 1/2 )
neutral	Going back to school on Monday and gonna get threw it by listening to Shawn all day #schoolphotoselfie HTTPURL
negative	Why does God not want me to get home tonight ? Sat in the parking garage after Foo Fighters for an hour ... finally ... HTTPURL
positive	* * * 3rd daY * * * = = = * = = = I wish y0u a very haPpy Eid fr0m the c0re of my heart ... Eid-ul-fitar mubArak
neutral	@USER @USER @USER just need to sit tight and say nowt ( Curtis ! ) until Saturday teatime .
neutral	Home base Super Eagles having their first training with coach Sunday Oliseh and his assistant Francois HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER is it true Lisa went out somewhere sat and waited for Seth Rollins ?
neutral	Has Sharknado jumped the shark ? = Snarknado = may have jumped the snark HTTPURL
neutral	[ Paul ] Paul McCartney & Wings - Hot as Sun Concert for the People of Kampuchea HTTPURL
negative	Someone may want to check on Dana White ... He 's somewhere sick right now
positive	@USER thank Chris ! Great to meet you both too . The descent today was unbelievable ! Now in Lugano ahead of tomorrow 's ride to Milan .
negative	" US senators fear Turkey may convert tribes to Islam : Two U . S . senators in Montana , together with Pointer Sceni ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Real Madrid were offered Alberto Moreno on Spanish transfer deadline day ( 31 August ) , but Benitez ruled out his arrival . ( AS ) "
negative	@USER I 'm thinking back to the Paris Queen concert in January just after the Charlie Hebdo attack . Jesus .
negative	Ian McEwan on Charlie Hebdo - facing down hatred with laughter HTTPURL via HTTPURL
positive	If you are not entertained when turning WWE on a Monday night then there 's something wrong with you . - Brock Lesnar . I agree .
neutral	Undertaker vs Brock Lesnar ... I believe that Lesnar 4 the 1st time n 2/3 years he will have his 1st loss by the man he beat at Wrestlemania
neutral	I guess the hardcore MMA guys hope he leaves but Dana White will NOT let him go . HTTPURL
positive	Friday ! How can you argue with 5 beautiful women who sound this good playing Iron Maiden ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Baylor Coach Art Briles : " " Shawn , you 're suspended for Friday 's game . " " Shawn Oakman : Art Briles : " " uh just kidding . " " HTTPURL "
neutral	<Curtis> Various weather talking people are forecasting snow on the 24th to 27th . What do you think ? will we see ... HTTPURL
negative	" HTTPURL < But fine for the IRA still to be running drugs , prostitution and other organised crime to this day . "
neutral	" Last two service games started well only to be whittled away at . Still , Murray wins second game on the trot to make it 3-5 in 2nd set . "
negative	@USER It may not even take place at all if Milan dont start getting the desired results . Investors dont find us attractive anymore .
neutral	Even maybe more odd is the Marion County judge in OR who refuses to conduct any gay marriages . Apparent he may have right but still . #bigot
positive	Just watched Sunday 's Big Brother @USER James has the biggest balls #Wow #bigbrother @USER @USER @USER
positive	@USER Give u r tribute to Yakub by watching the movie Black Friday 10 times :)
neutral	I 'd like to apologize in advanced for I 'll most likely have a long snapchat story tomorrow due to the fact that I 'll be seeing Ed Sheeran
positive	Andrew Luck is going to be on the September 10th cover of the Rolling Stone . That 's badass .
positive	Meet the new NSA ; Major General MT Monguno ... May almighty God give him the wisdom to defeat Boko Haram ! Amen HTTPURL
neutral	" There are 6 or 7 4th graders in the room next to me , for the brother 's sleepover . They keep listening to Katy Perry . "
positive	Today is Prince George 's 2nd bday and I 'm in Europe ... going to his party because I 'm considering myself friends of the royal family
positive	@USER goodnight to you too Ira . see you tomorrow . :)
positive	Not a bad Saturday ... Bit of Call of Duty Ghosts on PS4 with some MOTD ... Perfect !
positive	" Islam teaches us to spread love and peace . We meet a stranger and you say " " May the peace , mercy and blessings of Allah be with you " " . "
negative	The Red Sox have an embarrassment of riches in the outfield . Mookie Betts showed off his defense on Sunday HTTPURL
neutral	" me and nina pull up to dunkin and she does " " hey may I have a Oreo Mcflurry " " ... oh nina "
neutral	#WWE Monday Night #RAW results - Jon Stewart on why he attacked John Cena HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	@USER Leaning Scott Walker actually . Liked some of Carly Fiorina . Ted Cruz would be my 3rd ( albeit over the top personality )
neutral	Our Yoga for Veterans Class tonight has been cancelled but we hope to resume next Tuesday night ! Interested in ... HTTPURL
negative	" Looking back at Kanye West 's infamous " " George Bush does n't care about black people " " moment on its 10th ... HTTPURL "
positive	" I may be in the minority here , but I rather enjoy watching David Price play for the Toronto Blue Jays "
positive	" Kevin Sullivan talks about nWo ceding power to Hulk Hogan , Greg Valentine accidentally knocking himself out and more ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Alexei Ramirez 's 3 - run homer gives the White Sox a 3-0 lead over the Royals in the 4th inning .
negative	" Just when I thought Scott Walker could n't become any more monstrous , he goes and puts on those jeans HTTPURL "
neutral	" #nature #day #sunday #coldweather #vsco #vscocam #vscoedit #vscoitaly #milan #italy @USER Milan , Italy HTTPURL "
positive	" Top 5 Best New Moto G Phone Cases : If you 're looking for a phone case for your new Moto G ( 3rd gen ) , here are ... HTTPURL "
negative	I do n't wanna go to school tomorrow 8A . M - 6P . M and I wake up at 6.15 A . M plus homework wuuuuuut do you think I 'm Chuck Norris or
positive	" Taylor is going to dominate when the nominations for the VMAs are released tomorrow , Blank Space and Bad Blood were very well made videos . "
positive	White Sox take game one of the series in their throwback uniforms 4-2 . Blog to come tomorrow ! #GoMariners
neutral	back to fill the void widely left open by both Hulk Hogan 's ousting and Roddy Piper 's death HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER This is such a breach of the 1st amend that EVEN Madonna 's GAY brother is standing with KIM ! Const . attacktd
neutral	Red Sox likely going with 6 - man rotation : Red Sox interim manager Torey Lovullo reaffirmed on Saturday that th ... HTTPURL
neutral	Part of me wants to audition for Big Brother next season just to pretend I 'm mentally stable enough to last . And then get kicked out 1st =/
neutral	@USER there 's no way Thor should start the 7th anyway
neutral	On Saturday the makers of Sharknado bring you Police Academy : Lavarantula #Sharknado3
neutral	#np Lights Of Cincinatti by Scott Walker from the album : The Sun Ai n't Gonna Shine HTTPURL
positive	@USER uh ok : + When will u release the 2nd part of telephone ? + Why dont u come to colombia bitch ? + i love u #MTVStars Lady Gaga
positive	Ca n't wait to go to @USER with nirvana on Sunday . And for a great cause @USER .. Everyone should get down and show support
neutral	Murray gives it his all but can't break Bellucci & now he must hold at 4-5 . Can he avoid a 4th set ? HTTPURL
neutral	" If Chuck Norris is telling you to relax on #Friday , then it 's wise to do so . #FactsOnly HTTPURL "
positive	" Some good news some of the time : teenager finds pics of Nirvana 's first gig , world rejoices HTTPURL "
neutral	" ( Nicki chuckled . ) So , you just got here in Sun City ? HTTPURL "
neutral	OJ Simpson prepared to kill himself in Kim Kardashian 's childhood bedroom in a new trailer released on Thursday for the upcoming American
neutral	Rest in Peace ... Frank Gifford . May God be with Kathie Lee during her time of need .
neutral	" @USER Milan , in my opinion , have only the 7th best squad , after Inter , Roma , Juventus , Lazio , Napoli and Fiorentina . "
neutral	Am I the only one thinking that Kpop used to be so fun back then ? I mean the 2nd Generation was the best .
neutral	For the sake of being at work during th Miss USA finals I am deleting my Facebook app until tomorrow so I can ... HTTPURL
positive	" #Sport - Paul Dunne can make history on Monday , says Jordan Spieth following Irish amateur 's heroics at St An ... HTTPURL "
positive	" A very wonderful and much expected call from the Super Eagles handler Sunday Oliseh , Mikel and Moses do n't deserve a call up for now . "
negative	" Kanye West , 4th member of the new day . Kan-ye sucks . "
neutral	John Kasich announced his presidential bid Tuesday . Get to know all of the 2016 candidates : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	the ppl on the radio today made fun of Iwata passing then followed it up saying the Foo Fighters are better then Nirvana so yea happy Monday
positive	" This December 12th card is going to be loaded - Im hoping we get Rousey - Tate , and maybe Fedor 's return , along with Conor - Aldo #UFC "
positive	" Shawn makes me so happy nobody understands , you may think you do , but you do n't . "
negative	Dustin Johnson and Sunday 's just do n't mesh well #PGAChampionship
positive	Thinking I 'm absolutely hilarious sat here playing the John Cena theme tune on a recorder
neutral	" 1965 @USER fall again to Chicago , as Horlen blanks them on 3 hits . Only 3rd time Twins are blanked , and White Sox now just 5.5 out . 9/5 / 65 "
negative	" PODGODZ 165 : Podgodz 165 Recorded 28 July 2015 I saw Ant-Man , I should not have . Midroll sells to , I want to s ... HTTPURL "
positive	Remember Frank Gifford teaming with Dandy Don Meredith and Howard Cosell or Monday Night Football . That was CAN'T MISS TV .
neutral	In this second time I 've watched Ant-Man and this time I was the only one that stayed for the 2nd after credits scene
positive	HALL OF FAMER Frank Gifford a NFL Legend on the field and in the booth calling the games on Monday Night Football ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Strange thing about being ( really ) fair-skinned : Under the sun , I sparkle like a fucking Twilight vampire . "
neutral	Marina will be performing an acoustic set on the 1st of August as part of Rolling Stone mag 's ' Chicago : live ' event : HTTPURL
neutral	Bad Blood ( feat . Kendrick Lamar ) by #TaylorSwift is UK 's Top 36 on the Singles #Chart as of the 17th of July 2050
positive	My last market for the year ! Looking forward to the Richmond Good Food Twilight Market this Wednesday night ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Despite the rumors , both of Hulk Hogan 's documentaries in the #BeyondTheRing section are still available at this time . They may go though . "
positive	Too much partying ... last of lovely visitors are here for another night then I am going to sleep and dream of the Foo Fighters next Saturday
negative	Dr Strangelove and Curtis Le May : The cities the US wanted to ' systematically destroy ' during the Cold War HTTPURL
negative	" Up until we invaded Iraq , a million + Christians lived in the Middle East . Now , we have allowed them to be wiped out . HTTPURL "
neutral	Did we all forget about Kendrick 's Black Friday track ? Lawwwd
negative	Thor 's powers are so inconsistent in MCU . In the first movie he took out the Destroyer in one hit . 2nd one he 's struggling with a dark elf .
positive	GEORGE HARRISON - Here Comes the Sun [ live acoustic ] HTTPURL #nowplaying #listenlive
negative	3 time going into this dunkin cause they can't figure out my order . Also they would n't accept my coupon that expires in October .
negative	Went to dunkin yesterday evening to get a pumpkin spice coffee and they said they ran out and wo n't have it back until Friday .
neutral	Taker . Undertaker attacks Lesnar to a disrespectful amount of boos . Hope Undertaker beats Brock Lesnar for the 3rd time at SS
positive	" New Iron Maiden album and the " " Star Wars : Aftermath " " novel both release tomorrow . It 's going to be a busy Friday . "
neutral	" @USER You do realize that the 1st Amendment does n't just apply to Christians , right ? "
positive	" Love David Bowie . " " Check ignition and may God 's love be with you . " " Heck yeh . "
positive	Around this time tomorrow I will be standing in the middle of Wrigley Field waiting for the Foo Fighters to come on stage !
positive	Was n't gonna watch Sharknado tonight but I may have to catch a peak to see @USER @USER and the @USER crew
positive	@USER @USER well their 1st # 3 fell behind George Michael 's Faith & the Bee Gees ' You Win Again .
neutral	Can we finally talk about how badly Tom Brady is going to shred the #Steelers defense next Thursday ?
neutral	Arch-Zoggie Tony Blair 's fudged apology that he may have been responsible for the rise of IS is a carefully calculated manouver on his part
neutral	Roma stun Juve as Chievo crush Lazio : Milan ( AFP ) - Juventus 's early season woes continued on Sunday with a 2 - ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Sometimes you have a Monday and a half . For those days , I rely on Sam Smith and Jack Daniels . "
neutral	not surprised Frank Ocean dropped out of FYF . my inner-curiousty had me hoping he wouls drop that jawn before or during Saturday but nawwww .
positive	" @USER Do you have any info for Ed Sheeran 's hotel ? ? He is playing in Frisco , Texas tomorrow night ! ! "
negative	This Amy Schumer segment is now old news about 2 days too late ... good producer would have had it on Monday @USER #Local24 #LML
neutral	" This is kind of a David Bowie weekend , what with the release of his 10 minute video for Blackstar on Thursday , so ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Kane records 2nd assist of the half , as he finds Bishop to give @USER 3-1 lead over @USER with 24 min to play #GoCabrini "
positive	Frank Gifford was the only sportcaster to do both play by play and color commentary for Monday Night Football . #funfact
neutral	" @USER , dinner at Hulk Hogan 's place with @USER Saturday night . Hulk 's cooking spaghetti . You in ? "
neutral	@USER you never know Arsenal may be able to buy @USER next season if Real Madrid get someone like @USER .
positive	" All the boys tweeted Liam For the b-day apart from Zayn , C'mon @USER WE WANT 4/4 #HappyBirthdayLiam #Ziam HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER it seems so . It would have been close had I gone to Iran . Back Thursday . I 'll go in the new year . Would be brill
neutral	WWE lost $ 50 million on the stock market on Friday following the Hulk Hogan racist comments being released to the ... HTTPURL
neutral	When you bumpin Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar and she turns the music down to ask if you got some drake . HTTPURL
neutral	How is it not obvious the 4th Hokage is Naruto 's dad ? ! They basically put it in your face the second episode .
positive	Tomorrow 's National Hot Dog Day and Friday is National Tequila Day so the real question is will me and Natalie make it to Saturday ?
neutral	@USER we have yoga @USER Mitchell park but it 's every Friday and I work every Friday :( I miss u mucho btw
neutral	" No word of a lie a lad at work today : " " would n't it be mint if Kanye West became the 1st black president of England " " "
negative	briana may be pregnant but louis isnt the dad or atleast he is not excited about it you can obviously see it when he 's been asked about it
neutral	@USER Rosie did start it when he gave a Miss USA a 2nd chance with drug rehab . Rosie stated throwing mud and he took her on .
positive	Today is National Ice Cream Day ! ! ! Give in to the excuse ! LOL . HTTPURL
positive	Starting off our Thursday we have for our pleasure ... Bee Gees with I Ca n't See Nobody HTTPURL
neutral	" Bradford 's Logan Caruso was 2nd in the boys cross country race today in Kane with a time of 18:37 , Hunter Yasurek of Kane was 3rd . "
neutral	david price pitches for the toronto blue jays tomorrow #encore
neutral	World should appreciate incredible restraint Israel is showing in the face of repeated attacks against its citizens ! HTTPURL
positive	There 's taking the high road and then there 's what Tom Brady said about Roger Goodell Sunday . How smart was Brady ... HTTPURL
negative	So disappointed in wwe summerslam ! I want to see john cena wins his 16th title
neutral	" But u know this is Wrong @USER : It 's Sunday , these Christians will start littering one 's TL with their Jibbi Jabba "
positive	Just found myself googling ' ant man quantum realm reflection ' . I may be thinking about Ant-Man too much . It is ace though .
neutral	" Sunday Oliseh : " " I called Mikel Obi but he did n't pick up " " : The Super Eagles team list was released at the begi ... HTTPURL "
neutral	May 5th is the day of truth for Chris Evans
positive	What a performance so far from Galway native Paul Dunne @USER . Good luck tomorrow you can do it ! #nofear
neutral	Did n't know Ice Cube was a ghostwriter but I guess it makes sense since he wrote Friday
positive	Sunday is a sacred day bc that 's when our lord & savior Caitlyn Jenner has a new episode of #IAmCait
neutral	Trump to meet with Netanyahu during Israel visit on ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Lady Gaga - " " Applause " " - Empire of the Sun Remix my new single HTTPURL #MTVStarOf2015 Lady Gaga HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER Yes , I understand . If you put 50 shares in your IRA you may find yourself very glad you did . even 25 shares . IMO "
positive	Can not wait for Jason Aldean tomorrow night with my wonderful girlfriend ! ! ! Even better she 's wearing the outfit I picked out for her ! ! !
positive	Iron maiden 's new album book souls comes out September 4 can't wait to hear it
negative	The comments by Tony Windsor saying he hoped Muslims would kill an Australian citizen needs a complete apol 2 Aust . HTTPURL
positive	GUYS ... GUYS ... Sunday is the VMAs . I recommend you unfollow me now if you do n't want tweets about Katy Perry 's awesomeness in your feed .
neutral	Cate Blanchett hammering out the details of Thor 3 role HTTPURL - HTTPURL Gaea mother of Thor
neutral	@USER 1st do you need an intern ? Moto X pure or Note 5 ? Real Madrid or Barcelona ? #teamkrispy
neutral	YAKUB deserved what he did.Still 20 years he chill the life.But the destiny is tomorrow hang till death . #Top5Presstitutes @USER
positive	SELLING 2 JANET JACKSON TICKETS . GOOD SEATS . SEPT 11TH . HMM FOR DETAILS & rt / tag anyone you think might want them ! Thx guys !
positive	i wish i 'd just gone and seen frank ocean in 7th or 8th grade bc i actually could 've afforded it then : ' - )
neutral	@USER what do the White Sox have to focus on in the offseason ? Catcher ? Pitcher ? 3rd base ? New coach ?
positive	remember when niall played croke on my bday . he was soo happy ! ! day I found out I could officially go to wwa miami too . may 23rd . good day :)
negative	" @USER Tanaka stinks . Plus , Dickey owns the Yankees , and David Price is on the mound Saturday . "
neutral	my history teacher skipped school Friday to see the foo fighters
neutral	If I see Zayn on Sunday I think I will pass the fuck out !
negative	" When are we going to stop gnawing away at that old bone , Bloody Sunday deaths ? It 'd be much better if we spent as much effort on IRA deaths ! "
positive	@USER playing Papa was a Rolling Stone . Fitting as we packing up the office for our big move tomorrow . Whereever we lay our hats ...
neutral	NFL : Judge sides with Brady on ' Deflategate ' : NEW YORK - - Tom Brady learned Thursday he will star ... HTTPURL #Deflategate
neutral	" @USER Bored w . Rousey Now , she might b fightin Tate a 3rd Time already , Ronda is UConn of UFC Women , not her fault but no competition "
positive	" Zayn still looks ethereal , the world is still revolving , the sun still shines bright . Nobody cares :) HTTPURL "
neutral	Kanye West may be a lot of things . But lazy and unintelligent are n't in that category . He knows what he 's doing .
neutral	@USER When will be the Moto G 3rd Gen 16 Gb become available for purchase on @USER @USER
positive	" Just finished my 2nd Moments of Triumph on PS4 , first being on Xbox One . Does that make me like ... a super guardian ? HTTPURL "
negative	" If Nicki did n't have her ass , she 'd be shorter when she sat down . "
neutral	" After watching Amanda Nunes ' fight on Saturday , it 's clear the @USER will begin work on Rousey vs . Nunes . One for the books . "
positive	@USER @USER @USER No he not Kendrick is the best rapper in mainstream right now Black Friday freestyles ex .
positive	I think that Caitlyn Jenner may be the only woman in the world who is more emotional than I am . ROFLMAO ! I love how genuine she is . #IAmCait
positive	Kris Bryant may be one of my favorite ball players all-time when it 's said and done .
neutral	@USER well you forget that Yakub never returned to hide here in the 1st place . #ironic
positive	" So George Osborne is to visit Faslane / Trident tomorrow , I hope many of you turn out to give him a warm welcome ! "
positive	Cate Blanchett leads the winners at the 5th annual AACTA Awards | Daily Mail Online HTTPURL
negative	" Harper trying to kiss up to Muslims now , after all the anti-Islam rhetoric during C51 . I may throw up in my mouth a little . "
neutral	@USER Katy Perry . Bottom half only . Gonna see how the office reaction goes on Monday before going through with the whole head
neutral	" Some men may follow me But you choose " " death and company " " Why you so speechless ? #MTVStars Lady Gaga "
neutral	" Greenville Avenue Pizza Company - GAPCo is taking it old school for National Hot Dog Day ! On Wed , July 23 ( 11 am - ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Why you may soon be sitting front row with Kim Kardashian and Kanye West : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Watching Sharknado after the Rousey fight . I think I have an idea for the 4th movie ...
negative	" Carly Fiorina is a sad excuse for a successful woman . she may be a former CEO , and that 's great , but her politics are fucked up big time . "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER Real Madrid commuter the same offences as Barcelona and most likely receive a year ban in Jan
neutral	In the crypt of this church was an illegal Sunday night gay club where I first saw Lily Savage HTTPURL
neutral	" Which is better : Gronk 's new SportsCenter ad , or his 4th and final Dunkin ' Donuts music video with Big Papi ? HTTPURL "
negative	Kanye West running for President with Kim K as the First Lady may be one of the worst ideas I 've ever heard in my entire life .
negative	I just watched Sharknado and it was n't the worst thing I 've seen ( by a lot ) . I think I may have to reevaluate my life choices .
neutral	Was the NFL Trolling Tom Brady on Twitter Sunday Night ? ... - HTTPURL ( By :@ ralvarez 617 ) HTTPURL
neutral	@USER this is a part of the road map ! ( Saudi Arabia to crash Iran ) may Allah safeguard us
positive	HAPPY 2ND BIRTHDAY TO PRINCE GEORGE aka the cutest little thing on the planet HTTPURL
positive	Moto X Style and Moto G ( 3rd gen ) hands-on HTTPURL via @USER moto is the best
negative	" Tony Blair : sympathies for ISIS " " stretch deep into parts of Muslim societies " " . Blair just went full Trump . HTTPURL "
neutral	" If the White Sox can push one more run across the plate before CLE scores , it 'll be 4th consecutive game they 've jumped out to a 3-0 lead . "
positive	Sam Smith on the 17th of Sept tapos Solaire . Wiieee . I am giving myself the gift I should receive .
negative	@USER 1 ) He 's a bullshitter 2 ) Voters believe bullshit 3 ) Christians stayed home the 2nd time because they did n't like Romney
negative	@USER I wo n't be by my PS4 until tomorrow night at the earliest :(
positive	8: 07 I want to give you tickets to JANET JACKSON @USER Sept 8 ! Prepare for a Janet trivia question ! @USER HTTPURL
neutral	" Here 's a preview of the new Iron Maiden double-album The Book Of Souls , due September 4th . #RockfileRadio ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER grim did you know that Kane will return on Monday night raw
neutral	" CONCLUSION : AfME has rolled for 14 Aug 15 ; the leadership change in Boko Haram may " " bring them to the table " " by some accounts . - JT "
neutral	Did you know that ' Frank Gifford ' was Trending Topic on Sunday 9 for 6 hours in Calgary ? HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	" Hey folks , it is Words with me Wednesday and today 's open discussion is : Do you think Kanye West is eligible to ... HTTPURL "
positive	So Iron Maiden will be playing 10 dates in the US in March ... Let 's hope it 's somewhere within a few hours .
positive	President Barack Obama will welcome Nigeria 's new president to the White House Monday in an effort to bolster the fight against Boko Haram
positive	@USER if anything it 'll make it bigger . The IRA said Bloody Sunday was the best recruitment campaign they could hope for .
neutral	@USER won the game with out Allen in the 4th we would have lost murray had 0 points I do think they needed to settle Allen down
neutral	" @USER just like a person may say to me " " I do n't agree with Islam & dont want 2b a Muslim but u have right to be one " " same thing "
positive	@USER NIALL love me to as much as I love you ok your my everything your my Romeo and I 'm your Juliet ok see you tomorrow ily Niall
negative	Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with vehicular manslaughter Guess women really can't drive
positive	I get to see Amy Schumer live tomorrow . I 'm literally the luckiest girl on planet earth
neutral	" Maybe Sunday was just a funny day for tennis , Murray on getting over a cold : " " My voice feels like normal again . Still dull , obviously . " " "
positive	" Early start today off to Birmingham , long day ahead with bit of travelling .. but hey Foo Fighters on Sunday ! Weekend ! ! ! "
negative	" #theFrontPage If the presidency has given a December target to eradicate Boko Haram , it 's realistic if they target their top leaders @USER "
neutral	" 3 hours 40 min on the clock now for Murray , but he 's still hanging in there - grimly - & has levelled at 2-2 4th set after winning 3rd on TB "
positive	" @USER G'nite Morph and God Save The Queen & Princess Charlotte , , & wish Prince George a happy birthday 4me when you see him tomorrow "
neutral	Am I hallucinating ? Did Newsnight just photoshop George Osborne 's face onto Theresa May 's body ?
neutral	" Justin Bieber it as well since we could have gave comfort than as ever , you may be paid ; and pained ; but two in what could "
positive	" #StraightOuttaCompton director F . Gary Gray : Living in hotel , working in music , linking up with Ice Cube for ' Friday ' HTTPURL "
neutral	" Tomorrow 's field trip day , so I deserve Dunkin bfast . Then it 's Friday , so definitely deserve Dunkin . And well Saturdays are special so ... "
neutral	" Israel : " " No comment . " " ( stick it where the sun does n't shine ) "
negative	" @USER @USER . May the world know , that NATO , and especially the USA , UK , Turkey , Saudi Arabia and Israel , are the worst terrorists . "
neutral	" #Cubs ( R ) Kris Bryant went 1 - for - 4 with a run scored , two RBIs (8 3rd & 84th ) alongside his 22nd home run . HTTPURL #MLB "
neutral	" @USER Not really , because you 're deluding yourself , Burns me no more than Thursday being named after Thor . "
neutral	the 1st Japanese Album was my very first album from a KPOP group
neutral	About to roll up to the first day of school tomorrow In some Gucci flip flops .
neutral	" @USER @USER With that view , I 'm sure you may also believe radical Islam will suddenly lay down their arms & B peaceful "
negative	thank you jack and jack for putting out calibraska tomorrow when I 'm fucking broke
neutral	" Ends this Thursday . Have you seen Marvel 's " " Ant-Man " " yet ? HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER any advise on how to get U2 tickets for the 9th , need two GA ? "
negative	" Srinagar , July 27 : According to sources , a young boy , aged sixteen had gone missing on Eid day under mysterious ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Seth Rollins has nothing to worry about . As long as he wears white and gold , he 'll be fine on the 20th . #WWE #Raw #ColorsOfChampions "
neutral	John Kasich reminds us he was Chairmen of the House Budget Committee for at least the 5th time tonight lol #GOPDebate
positive	" May Allaah protect all the Muslims wherever they are . " " Ameen YaAllah "
neutral	Sad news about Frank Gifford . I loved watching him play for the Giants and then Monday Night Football ... we lost a pretty decent man today .
positive	" No alarms set for tomorrow , all of my animals in bed with me and I 'm watching Twilight . Is this heaven ? "
positive	I 'm super excited for the Sam Smith concert tomorrow though !
neutral	" A smartphone review that the tech press needs to read twice , obviously great for consumers too : Moto G 3rd gen review HTTPURL "
positive	John Kasich is running 2nd in our question Who do you support for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination ? HTTPURL
positive	" i made eye contact with niall and louis last night , i was jumping and singing like there was no tomorrow "
positive	" We have four Premium Seats for the Zac Brown Band , for this Friday Night 8/ 7/15 at Fenway Park . These are ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Also , the ' not afraid ' pictures are from after the Charlie Hebdo attack from January , not after the Parisian attacks . "
neutral	" Following his defeat to the Undertaker tomorrow night , Brock Lesnar will travel to Old Trafford on Monday for a medical #ITK "
positive	" I was at Eid in the Park , an event hosted by The Ark from Glasgow on Sunday . Fantastic Day , thanks to all involved ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Photos : Wahala wa o ! ! ! Caitlyn Jenner wears a swimsuit in public for the 1st time HTTPURL #USA #UK #DXB #Dubai #MyDubai #UAE
positive	@USER I grabbed Tom Brady in my snake league in the 10th and in my auction for $ 3 . Then got his suspension lifted the next day ! Wining
positive	working on my brand + watching Naruto = the perfect saturday
negative	Watch Van Gaal play De Gea in the champions league so Real Madrid wo n't sign him in jan ... Dickhead
neutral	Shawn will be in Norway the 17th Sweden the 18 and Las Vegas the 19 that 's insane lol
neutral	Sam Smith confirms he will sing theme to new James Bond film Spectre - The Guardian HTTPURL
neutral	" Selling 2 Tickets to Ed Sheeran on September 9th in Miami , please message or text me if you 're interested ASAP "
negative	" Russian lawmakers slam Charlie Hebdo , call it " " accomplice of ISIL " " : On Thursday , the satirical magazine again ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Dana White Says the Ronda Rousey / Holly Holm Rematch Will Likely Take Place at UFC 200 in July HTTPURL
neutral	" Breaking news : @USER & Owaisi to fast until death from 3am tomorrow for Yakub 's clemency . If hung , both going to Saudi on 1 way ticket . "
positive	" #EidMubarak , May Allah Purify the souls of the victims of Insurgency and Aid us with necessary strength to fight Boko Haram @USER "
neutral	" Bono , Paul McCartney & Freddie Mercury together on stage during the Live Aid concert at Wembley Stadium on 13 July ' 85 HTTPURL "
negative	" Fine margins in tennis . I think if Murray had won that 1st set tie-break , he 'd be preparing for the q / f . Disappointing end to slam season . "
neutral	Going to see Paper Towns on Saturday . I 'm hoping it does the book justice .
positive	" @USER @USER I only celebrate holidays during the work week . Also , I need tomorrow off for National Ice Cream Day . "
neutral	" Ich habe ein @USER - Video positiv bewertet : HTTPURL Sting saves Randy Orton from the Authority : WWE Raw , March 16 , "
positive	May be going to the a jason aldean concert tomorrow :)
neutral	Shout out to the person that 's going to quit a job tomorrow morning because of that Kanye West speech .
positive	This morning there was no traffic and the person in front of me at dunkin paid for my drink :) happy friday ! !
neutral	" Saw Ant-Man last Sunday , and finally had time to draw it today . HTTPURL HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER #Catholicchurch required Jews to become Catholics during the 2nd world war , should do the same to Muslims . "
neutral	Last Friday Night x Katy Perry just came on . It 's lit .
neutral	@USER @USER December 3rd at the concord and idk cause I decided today me and Curtis are going
neutral	Dustin Johnson leading in the 2nd round pretty much guarantees Jordan Spieth will win the PGA
positive	September 3rd . the day Camila and Niall hung out this day will go down in history kids
positive	Olivia Jordan - only the 2nd woman in history to win BOTH titles - Miss World - United States and Miss USA . She ... HTTPURL
negative	The husband of the cunt who hates gay marriage says people who visit him should know how much he LOVES the 2nd Amendment . Dissonance much ?
neutral	" @USER I had the Moto E 1st Gen , now I have the Moto E 2nd Gen , girlfriend has the 2nd generation Moto G , they are all exactly as you say "
positive	Did you know that ' Charlie Hebdo ' was Trending Topic on Saturday 14 for 5 hours in Belgium ? HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	Undertaker Officially won but we know Brock Lesnar should be the Winner watch #Raw tomorrow night ! #SumerSlam #WWE HTTPURL
neutral	#NFL kicks off this Thursday ! Tom Brady is going to destroy Pitt ! I feel bad for anyone getting in Bradys way right now as he is pissed
positive	Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean concert tonight and US Open tomorrow ... Guess you can say it was an ok weekend
negative	If Steve or Johnny Mac get evicted I may be done with this season of Big Brother . I can't stand James or Vanessa either . #BigBrother17
positive	" Two years ago today we were off to Italy ! ! The only reason I remember is because , it 's Prince George 's 2nd birthday ! "
neutral	. @USER When Chuck Norris claps his hands twice the sun turns off .
positive	Hey it 's Monday ! Which means Monday Night RAW tonight ! Which means The Undertaker & Brock Lesnar ! !
positive	Think I might go to see Paper Towns tomorrow after months of waiting for it to come out #PaperTownsMovie #cinema #Cardiff #film #movie
neutral	Yakub will be hanged tomorrow . The law has finally taken its own course of time and the time period . 23 years .
negative	" @USER I do n't think they 're getting it . He 's comparing Nazis to Islamic extremists and non-Nazi " " Germans to Muslims . Simple SAT suff ! "
positive	David Price is the 1st #BlueJays SP this season to record 8 + Ks in consecutive starts .
neutral	@USER Hi guys . Will you have the new Iron Maiden Vinyl in tomorrow ?
neutral	" @USER that thread starts here but it 'll take some replies before we get to the David Bowie part , heh . HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER Replace Rousey v . Tate III and add Rousey v . Chris Justino , all due respect , I do n't want to see Tate get beat for a 3rd time . "
neutral	@USER @USER Been in alliance for quite some time and may be to counter Saudi Arabia . Qatar had recently agreed deal with Iran .
neutral	@USER 3rd attempt . Do you think the LPC holds the same view as YOU do regarding Israel ? Is that a difficult question for you ?
neutral	This #Sales #job might be a great fit for you : Prince George Career Open House : August 26th at 6 PM - HTTPURL #cibc #Hiring
neutral	Brock Lesnar really about to kill the undertaker Sunday
positive	Can it just be Wednesday so I can see Briana already
negative	@USER shame on you and your government . As an ex Tory you disgust me . A soldier arrested over Bloody Sunday . Whilst IRA walk free .
neutral	John Kasich is going to have a huge day in the polls tomorrow . What a slick move announcing so late . #GOPDebate
negative	" @USER France may be right , is n't that what ISIS wants spreading Islam all over the world . ISIL was in cahoots with Bush and Cheney . "
neutral	@USER @USER no . But then neither of them were believed by everybody under the sun to be the head of the IRA as well
positive	It 's winner take all between John Cena and Seth Rollins . May the best wrestler win . #TitleForTitle #SummerSlam
neutral	Night of acoustic music tomorrow with David Wright and Sheona McQue
positive	The truth by Jason Aldean may be the best country song ever
positive	George Osborne asks for Labours support on the welfare bill and by abstaining we essentially said ' go ahead George ' HTTPURL
positive	" Life Groups tonight in host homes , 6:30- 8: 30 . 7-8 th @USER Gaston 's , 9-10 th @USER Curtis ' and 11-12 th @USER Gavan 's house . See you there ! :) "
neutral	" CNN changes criteria for GOP debate , likely sending Carly Fiorina to prime time : On Tuesday , CNN changed the ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Christine Michael is probably the 6th best RB in the division behind Murray , Mathews , Sproles , Morris , and Mostert . "
neutral	May not watch #RAW tonight I was already tired of Seth Rollins when he retained against Brock . Just think how big he 's head going to be now .
neutral	" @USER Honestly did n't know . But for example , Henry Owens is current Red Sox 5th starter currently . I 'll take Colby at the moment . "
neutral	" okay so on the trip , wednesday I think , all 6 of us gathered in the youth hostel lounge and watched the first Twilight movie "
neutral	SUNDAY'S PRACTICES ... I hope you can join us . 8: 30am . Hot Yoga w / Deirdre Trama 9:00 am . Open Flow Clarissa ... HTTPURL
positive	Sunday let me clean the whole type of day and do absolutely nothing consists of Frank Ocean songs from A to Z
positive	Good day to double up on yoga ! haha HTTPURL
positive	Floyd Mayweather is the best welterweight in the world & he 's fighting a man who is the 2nd best welterweight in his gym #MayweatherBerto
neutral	Harry & Danielle 's birthday and Briana 's due date are the all in the same week RIP me in February
positive	" Perhaps this may sound weird , but God is really there next to you . " " George Harrison . "
negative	" Mihajlovic had dinner with Berlusconi on Friday , Silvio told Mihajlovic that he 's not happy with the way Milan started the season [ Gazzetta ] "
neutral	Kim Kardashian blasts Kris Jenner for encouraging Khloe to be with Lamar Odom : In a new teaser for this Sunday ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER : I 'm in love J . Cole Kendrick Lamar-Black Friday it 's soo good . Tales of two cites with a Kendrick twist @USER
neutral	Kendrick got nominated 11 times but he may only win 2
positive	" Shawn 's a smart guy , he may be young but he knows what he 's talking about . "
positive	@USER can't wait to see what happens to April in sharknado 4 hope she lives
positive	" I called it " " Ronda Vs Holly 2 " " Dana white and Ronda have said Yes there will be indeed Be a 2nd fight ! so there you go MMA Fans ! Yay ! ! ! "
neutral	WWE fan jumps rail and walks ramp with Seth Rollins during Monday Night Raw entrance HTTPURL
negative	" If McGregor loses tomorrow night , Dana White will be the most butthurt dude on planet Earth "
neutral	" This Xmas I miss many , but most of all Jason Rezaian ( again ! ) who spends his 523rd day and 2nd Xmas jailed in Iran #freejason #pressfreedom "
positive	" I think I may have just fell in love with @USER after watching " " Amy Schumer : Live ... Extended Cut " " on @USER . "
positive	Just reading this review proves that the Foo Fighters simply rocked Milton Keynes ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Jennings , being used in higher leverage situations , in to face Mauer with Escobar on first and one out in the 7th . 6-4 White Sox "
neutral	@USER @USER hope he 'll not join Real Madrid on the 5th year
negative	" @USER Deeply inspired by David Bowie - ashes to ashes and pink floyd , set the controls for the heart of the sun = depressing game "
neutral	Just got to LAX and have a few hours before my flight to OKC . Prayers for Briana tomorrow as she has surgery to remove enlarged lymph nodes
positive	Do you remember that time Chris Farley interviewed Paul McCartney on SNL ? That was pretty cool . HTTPURL
negative	" @USER you and gilinsky will make you give me 567 cardiac arrests , sun missing 4 days to Calibraska "
negative	@USER @USER he tweeted that after the attack in Paris in January - the Charlie Hebdo thing
positive	People may talk ill about Sam Smith ' s orientation . But I must state that his songs still remain my anthem in the morning ! @USER
neutral	@USER Did you get to meet Dean Ambrose on Saturday brother ? #UpTheWallabies
positive	" And like all those left behind by the 257 people he helped kill , hope Yakub 's daughter finds peace & a better world . She turns 21 tomorrow . "
neutral	@USER Anderson won the 4th set in a tiebreaker 7-0 and Murray won the 3rd in a tiebreaker I think 7-3
negative	So i 'm really not happy with the fact that I have to wait till January to play MGO on PC . I 'll be picking it up on PS4 as well .
positive	Ice cube made today was a good day . And wrote and starred in Friday . Today we bump cube .
neutral	" That they may see & know , consider & understand , That the hand of the Lord has done this , the Holy One of Israel has created it . Is . 41:20 "
positive	" I do the same things every Sunday ... Clean , wash clothes , wash my hair , cook and watch big brother "
negative	" Undertaker may , in fact , be killed tonight by Brock Lesnar . #SummerSlam "
positive	I could go see Jason Aldean for free tomorrow ... But I 'm not even trying to give homeboy the wrong impression cause he 's already aggravatin
negative	" Dr . Swamy writes to the PM on how Rahul Gandhi may have got kickbacks . NaMo , restitute kaalaadhan . HTTPURL "
positive	" Spread the beauty & love of Islam by being a living example of Islam 's beauty and its forbearing ways . May Allah give us all success . Ameen " " "
neutral	i guess its good to keep Brock Lesnar for the 3rd hour #keeppeoplewatching #RAW #WWE
neutral	Under #SexySocialism David Cameron & George Osborne will undertake the 1st manned mission 2 Pluto .
neutral	Kris Bryant belted a two-run walk-off homer with two outs in the ninth Monday night to power the Cubs to a 9-8 ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Thursday 's Broadcast Ratings : CBS , " " Big Brother " " Top Charts with ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Murray holds to 30 and now Anderson leads 5-3 in the 2nd set . Anderson will serve for the set for a 2nd time #USOpen
positive	" For those who are so excited about Paper Towns tomorrow HA BITCH , I SAW IT "
negative	Lakh of cases R pending in supreme court even than Yakub 's case being heard 6/7 th time today as if there no work in court.public want answer
neutral	" I think it was the 15th anniversary of Raw , I was walking down the hallway , and Hulk Hogan was walking ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER Hello is the 1830 screening of Paper Towns just for Unlimited card holders ? I notice the release date is 21 Aug ? Thanks
neutral	@USER Looking forward to the Dean Ambrose turn Sunday . Should have held a sign up that says I 'm turning .. #WWERaw #WWEMinny
positive	Happy Saturday ! Check out my cover of Ed Sheeran 's Photograph if you have n't heard it already and look out for a ... HTTPURL
neutral	1st video without Zayn ... we have to break the record and show others that 1d is stronger as 4 Nd not a flop ! #DragMeDownMusicVideoIsOut
neutral	Watching the Miss USA pageant ... you can bet on me hitting the gym and ulta tomorrow lol
neutral	Schumer pairs with Schumer and Rousey may be a movie star ! Tonight on Trending . HTTPURL
neutral	" Group spent its apex , in part , defending its 1st Amendment rights . But , at his most dangerous , Ice Cube seemed protected by the 2nd #NWA "
neutral	I 'm convinced listening to the Freak Show tomorrow morning will be WAY better than that Sharknado ending . @USER @USER
neutral	" / / I know so much more about DBZ than I do Naruto .. xD Ask me a DBZ question , I may be able to answer it . "
negative	" you may be shallow , but never as shallow as Kim Kardashian releasing her own emojis : l "
positive	" @USER I guess if you run Android , the performance matters quite a lot ;) . My wife is really happy with Moto G ( 3rd gen ) perf vs Nexu 4 "
neutral	" 20th bday on Thurs , no class / XC season opener on Fri , Ed Sheeran concert on Sat , parents visit on Sun , & day off on Mon ! #labordayweekend "
positive	" If the sky , if the world ends , if the sun sets and the rivers turn red.if we get lost in the twilight , somewhere I know we " " ll be alright "
neutral	@USER Lets get a Kardashian or Caitlyn Jenner take a selfie by the dirty water . Then IOC may change .
positive	DONT FORGET BJJ tomorrow night with Curtis - last round of promotions coming so train hard :) HTTPURL
positive	" Mar 25 to Aug 25 zquad faced many problems , got hate , zroughts . Still this fam always stood up for Zayn . Proud . Pass it on "
neutral	David Wright is playing baseball tomorrow for the First place New York Mets
neutral	" Legal News | Caitlyn Jenner May Be Charged in Crash - Detectives and prosectors in Los Angeles , are working on the ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" MADRID , Sept 3 ( Reuters ) - Real Madrid look certain to retain their status as the world 's richest club by income after the La Liga club 's "
negative	" Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh says Nigerians were being unfair with their criticism on the players after ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER Love Winter Soldier . Incredibly close 3rd cause of its ramifications on the MCU . But I had too much fun with Ant-Man .
neutral	Currently singing the 2nd and 3rd voice of Bad Blood . #ThinkWeCanSolveEm
positive	" Omg I forgot to brag , I saw the Foo Fighters live on Friday night , it was an amazing show ! ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Tomorrow December 10 is #ProclamationDay in Queensland & #FriendsofNewstead with @USER invite all to attend at Twilight . Free .
positive	" I loved Ice Cube 's son 's comments about people who did n't get that " " Bye Felisha " " originated from Friday @USER "
neutral	@USER @USER yeah true . I say he drops in Feb . but idk ... That 's when j cole and Kendrick I think might drop their project ...
positive	@USER If Murray takes 3rd set I think he 'll win
neutral	Miss USA tomorrow is either going to be the most watched show in 20 years or the least watched show in 20 years .
positive	If the sun is shining down on you today ... thank george harrison and smile because little darlin ' it 's alright .
positive	" 4:52 4th | Final media timeout of the game and St . Bonaventure leads Colgate , 51-30 . Curtis has tied career high with 12 points . "
neutral	The crisis b / w Turkey & Russia may be the proximate cause for Ankara for renewal of ties with Israel @USER HTTPURL
positive	" TOMORROW is the big day ! ! ! Do you have your copy reserved ? Go Set a Watchman , by Harper Lee . On sale here ... HTTPURL "
neutral	#AcehCenterID Iran placed 2nd in beach volleyball championships : Iran has finished as the r ... HTTPURL #YSEALIReusableBag
positive	@USER @USER Hulk Hogan should have it . Best 2nd year fwd in years .
neutral	" Hi David Wright : DaveMattWright , Do u want to get FREE iPh 0ne 6 TODAY ? Please check my bi0 . Thx HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER any of you playing twilight @USER tomorrow night ? I 'll be there with @USER & folks #golow
negative	" Murray in real trouble now , down a break in the 3rd #USOpen Looking angry and frustrated "
neutral	Josh Hamilton just walked off the #Yankees . #BlueJays get 1 game closer to 1st tonight
neutral	Open Golf Championship live tomorrow from 1pm in the Terrace & on the BIG screen in the Rineanna Bar Can Paul Dunne become open champion ?
positive	Chris Evans 's son Noah asks Coldplay 's Chris Martin a question on TFI Friday and it 's the cutest thing ever HTTPURL
neutral	@USER he will have to obviously otherwise just Kane for season . January wo n't be anybody for sale . Clubs do n't need to sell .
neutral	" Chalupny , Press & Johnston throwing out 1st pitch at White Sox game tonight HTTPURL "
neutral	" Frank Gifford now being serenaded with " " Turn Out The Lights " " by Don Meredith . #RIP HTTPURL "
negative	" Chris Christie thinks talk of the 4th Amendment is " " hot air " " ? He puts the " " big " " in Big Brother . "
neutral	@USER : 1 . When did you get into Kpop ? Oct 8 ' 13
neutral	" Rock Calendar 12-15- 77 : " " Saturday Night Fever " " soundtrack , w / pulsing disco songs from Bee Gees and others , released a day ahead of the movie "
negative	I dont understand the obsession with Sharknado ... watched the first two and they sucked . Im sure the 3rd one is just as bad .
neutral	PHOTO : Cyborg calls out Rousey - ' How about April ? ' HTTPURL
negative	Tony Blair : The Iraq war may have played a part in the creation of ISIS What will the war in Syria create ?
neutral	does frank ocean still think it 's july or sommin ? ?
positive	" Long live the idols may they never be your rivals , Kendrick was Jesus , Cole wrote the bible . @USER "
neutral	" Here 's the first chapter of " " Go Set a Watchman " " for all of you readers out there HTTPURL "
positive	@USER thanks for hosting us Murray . Had a great time . Good luck for the cup . May the best team win . They usually do .
positive	" Good luck tp Irishman " " Paul Dunne " " in final round of the open tomorrow . HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	May as well pay your T . V Licence direct to George Osborne as the B . B . C . seems to be an extension of the tory party 's manifesto ...
positive	" Concert this Thursday with @USER ! Then hopefully get some tickets for Jason Aldean , @USER , and @USER "
positive	" I 'm so excited for the Cubs game tomorrow ! I can't wait ! Jon Lester on the hill , Kris Bryant just feet away , and a pennant chase ! #WeAreGood "
positive	I went and saw Paper Towns on Friday and there was this scene where they sang the Pokemon theme song and it was SOOOOO FUNNY
neutral	Rusney Castillo is not in the Red Sox starting lineup on Tuesday night against the White Sox . #RedSoxNation
positive	Haley Laundrie represented Lake Mills in the Miss USA pageant Sunday . She is the first woman from the county to do so HTTPURL
negative	Since the US Russia et al . are bombing the shit out of Syria in the name of democracy how about Saudi Arabia ? HTTPURL
negative	" . @USER These " " persecuted " " Christians uused to celibrate Nov 5 by burning the Pope if effigy . @USER @USER @USER "
neutral	" In 4th grade , I had a dream where I watched a family at Christmas and Hulk Hogan swallowed me whole out of the blue . "
positive	" Monday 's #booksbeneaththebridge @USER is hosted by @USER , discussing To Kill a Mockingbird and Watchman . Do n't miss it ! "
neutral	" How much they hate it , very Kiss girls like Katy Perry I am never sprung but I Springer , Jerry Dont try this at home , results may vary #Bars "
neutral	Keuchel strikes out the side in the 6th ... only Josh Hamilton has failed to K against the lefty ... Astros lead 5-0 #Astros #MLB
neutral	Life is full of tough decisions . For example : do I wear the Kevin Owens shirt or the Brock Lesnar shirt to Monday Night Raw tonight ?
negative	So Carly Fiorina is going to crash and burn . @USER #WakeUpAmerica ... NEXT ... HTTPURL
neutral	Christmas Family Twilight tomorrow from 4pm including our ' Young Brumbies ' Club . Who will spot ' Bernie the ... HTTPURL
negative	Wow @USER may be the worst idea since Hitler decided to invade Russia . I 'd genuinely rather listen to George Osborne . & I loathe him .
neutral	Kris Bryant is 16th in MLB in WAR as a rookie . Love when people say he 's having a bad year
neutral	Super Eagles camp update Report has it that Super Eagles first choice goalkeeper and captain Vincent Enyeama may ... HTTPURL
neutral	If Paul Dunne nails it tomorrow then the 1st placed pro should give him the cash #TheOpen2015
neutral	" Wi . Gov . mansion now a " " Waffle House " " : Scott Walker decides he does n't want to repeal 14th Amendment HTTPURL via @USER "
neutral	The #Undertaker and Brock Lesnar will be in the SAME arena at the SAME time THIS MONDAY on #Raw ! #SummerSlam HTTPURL
positive	Can I just fast forward to the Ed Sheeran concert Saturday
neutral	@USER Ha ! I also have it on good authority that Chuck Norris loved your sessions . See you in November my friend !
neutral	Box Office : ' Pixels ' beats ' Ant-Man ' on Friday but is it game over for the weekend ? HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	" Sunday 's National Ice Cream Day , but celebrate any day with our housemade sorbets ! What do you want to try next ? HTTPURL "
neutral	Boko Haram tops agenda for Nigerian leader meet with Obama - Sun Herald HTTPURL
positive	" it 's crazy how I swore up & down that " " Ant-Man " " would stink but I 'm excited to see it a 2nd time . "
neutral	" @USER Kane should stop chasing da ' goal , stay calm goals will come automatic , may be he 'll get a hatick next game who knows "
negative	" @USER I just can't believe ppl like you exist , why do n't u and Yakub just elope to Pakistan.https :/ / t.co/9V4LKjh2Wb "
neutral	How CNN may keep Carly Fiorina out of the next debate anyway - Hot Air HTTPURL
neutral	@USER when are you guys gonna add Kendrick lamar 's new mixtape Black Friday
neutral	@USER John Cena blocked everything except for Seth Rollins knee to the face on #RAW this past Monday !
positive	I may be the only person I know who thoroughly enjoyed the Kanye West rant during the VMA's
positive	Make sure you eat plenty of ice cream this Sunday ! It 's National Ice Cream Day ! HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	" Sunday , July 19th is National Ice Cream Day ! Come to Cold Front and get a free mini cone with any purchase ! #icecream HTTPURL "
positive	" Thank you guys so much for all the support tonight ! It was fun ! Hopefully , I 'll be back tomorrow with Dark Souls ! "
neutral	@USER Look at the date . it was january 7 2014 after Charlie Hebdo . Do n't be so willing to confirm your biases .
positive	Praying for my nephew and his church group headed to Israel tonight . May God protect them . #tripofalifetime HTTPURL
negative	I can get my paperwork figured out at work but Man United and Real Madrid can't get it together ... c'mon man .
neutral	Keystrokes in the West may mean a death sentence in Saudi Arabia - New Internationalist ( blog ) HTTPURL
positive	What is it with female politicians ? Carly Fiorina ( who I absolutely adore ) was the darling of the Sunday shows ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER getting them today giving to Shawn later to give to you tomorrow
neutral	" @USER And it 's like 1/10 th as insane as it was in Dark Souls . I was like " " oh , is that all ? " " lol "
neutral	Those of us in the Christian Faith understand we are called to be Christians in every area of life not just on Sunday - @USER
neutral	" @USER Paul Mccartney said " " he did n't lose a wife , he lost a girl friend " " when his 1st wife died . apparently they spent one night "
positive	I can't stop listening to Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar . Everything about that song is so right ! Turned a J . Cole track into one of his own
neutral	' Sam Smith ' appeared on Tuesday 18 at the 18th place in the Top 20 of Dallas-Ft . Worth 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	" Future need to rush the stage & perform " " March Madness " " in some Gucci flip flops "
positive	Thank you @USER @USER . May God bless and keep our friends and allies in Israel . HTTPURL
positive	I 'm home alone watching the big brother live feeds on a saturday night #killingit #BB17
neutral	@USER Savageries were used by all in the 7th century . Adopting them today as examples to imitate by true Muslims is the problem .
neutral	5 more chances for you to see Paul McCartney in the US - October dates here : HTTPURL
neutral	@USER I do n't want to alarm you but Paper Towns is out tomorrow
negative	" @USER R . I . P , I hope it is not this Boko Haram palaver that causes his death ? May God destroy all these Boko Haram people in Nig . "
neutral	@USER we may go see Amy Schumer at the Troc earlier that night
positive	Kendrick Lamar is King right now of the rap game . Black Friday stamped it .
neutral	" Okay so the first one is Shawns twin , the 2nd is actually Shawn , the 3rd is ew get away idek you HTTPURL "
positive	Aah I love this night . Watched Thor again with the husband and we get to sleep in tomorrow before all the cooking begins .
neutral	Shaun the Sheep or Ant-Man tomorrow with the boys ?
positive	all my friends are going to hear about tomorrow is how good Shawn looked tonight :) ) )
neutral	I want to go to the Korean Festival tomorrow to see f ( x ) but I can just imagine all the scary Kpop fans that will be there .
neutral	" Is John Kasich , the 16th Republican to run for president , conservative enough for 2016 voters ? HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" Ppl who 've just got into Kpop recently may not be aware of 1st generation idols like H . O . T n Shinhwa , but they will eventually . I did . "
positive	Gucci plenty id secret december appear the dual thine concrete on adjuvant into advocating enlivened : cavQCieRU
positive	Apparently it 's National Hot Dog Day today ! May have to get some for dinner .
neutral	Getting ready to call #BlueJays at #Rangers on @USER Radio with @USER David Price ( 30th birthday ) vs Colby Lewis from Globe Life Park
positive	Sam Smith and Kasabian have been the highlight of #VFest today . Looking forward to Jessie Ware tomorrow
positive	Now It 's time for #TitleforTitle ! This is Sunday Night Rollins ! Seth Rollins is the cure ! #FutureIsNow #SummerSlam
positive	" Best play by play man Monday Night Football ever had , back when you could n't wait for MNF to be on ! FRANK GIFFORD RIP "
positive	John Cena throwing Jon Stewart at the WWE is pretty amusing : HTTPURL
neutral	Vidal Nuno pitched 6 2/3 innings of one-run ball in a no-decision versus the White Sox on Saturday . #Mariners #MLB
neutral	" Aldo-McGregor , Rousey Eyed for Cowboys Stadium on December 5 HTTPURL via @USER she 's best female fighter "
neutral	MTV is playing only VMA performances rn .. they have to play Nirvana 's 1992 performance of Lithium like c'mon it 's fuckin iconic
negative	" Try as I may , I just can't get excited for Celebrity Big Brother or standard version . It needs a break for s few years #cbb #BigBrother17 "
positive	" @USER You 're welcome Shawn , and thank you ! Happy Wednesday ! Have a great one ! Wishing you great success ! "
neutral	Wheelchair shopping tomorrow . I want one that will blare Natural Born Killaz by Ice Cube when I enter a room #firstworldhandicappedproblems
positive	This died between Rousey and Mayweather ; c'mon - - y'all athletes at the best in your sport . Rousey would win though . Can you say #WomenUnite
positive	Very proud of Paul Dunne . It may not have ended the way he wanted but he showed what a big talent he has #open2015
positive	" Excellent gig Friday , Pantera & Iron Maiden tribute bands . Those are the times you wished you hair to head bang : ) #heavymetal "
neutral	#News : The MTV VMAs are tomorrow . Enjoy this look back at the 1992 awards with Nirvana performing ... HTTPURL #KeepGrunge
neutral	@USER we want you to milan tomorrow ! ! !
neutral	" Although it 's hard to tell , since I only have radio commentary . May just be that Anderson is choking badly , not Murray playing better . "
positive	Then the newest issue of Thor comes out tomorrow ! ! !
neutral	" Guys , no need to pity me . The 21st has been described as " " Kanye West meets the Louvre " " "
neutral	Never watched so I do n't have any favs .. But I do predict Hulk Hogan will be going home HTTPURL
negative	" WWE , Hulk Hogan End Tie After Racist Comment : World Wrestling Entertainment Inc ( WWE . N ) said on Friday it has ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Apparently , it 's National Ice Cream Day . I did n't get the memo . Sorry . I 'll get us some tomorrow . "
neutral	Just wanna know why Niall 's sat there in my mums dressing gown getting his food brought to him :/ ( he 's 22 ) HTTPURL
positive	Spontaneous trip to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow may be on the cards
neutral	The fact that Kishan was telling me last night that he was having a Kim Kardashian done to him Thursday .
positive	New Adele album coming in November along with The Weeknd two days ago ? Now I need a new Ed Sheeran and Frank Ocean album and I 'll be good ! !
negative	" This lady may have stumbled But she ain't never fell And if Obama , Muslims and Russians do n't believe that They can all go straight to hell "
neutral	@USER I was there for Charlie Hebdo . My sister is going there Dec 2 so I 'm updating all my followers on FB . Mom 's ok . For now .
positive	" @USER @USER / Monday night football was must see TV back with Frank Gifford , Dandy Don & Howard Cosell . They had the magic mixture . "
negative	" @USER " " Yes , I did.It was a disaster . I saw Thor on the news . I was very concerned . " " Tom sat next to him , placing his hand on his ~ "
neutral	@USER : Prince George just turned 2 on July 22 but tells everyone he 's 3 - years-old HTTPURL uhh so
positive	" #REPORT " " @USER : President Buhari will visit Cameroun on Wednesday . He will hold talks with President Biya on the issue of Boko Haram " " "
neutral	Seth Rollins probably grew up watching Sting ( friday night channel 5 in black & white ) & now he 's wrestling him for the wwe title
neutral	I want Shelli to go home tomorrow on big brother
negative	" @USER @USER that 's not True ! It 's a pic from the month of January after Charlie Hebdo . For the moment , it 's forbidden to go out "
neutral	" @USER Hi Stephen , wanted to double check with you on your availability for Eid Dinner on Sat 25th at The Orchards from 11:30 to 13:30 "
neutral	Gucci baggy skin below the eyes subconscious self desire february procreate the match thine distinctive way ou ...
neutral	Sam Smith 's Bond Theme Song For ' Spectre ' Drops September 8: Report : Adele sang the theme song for Daniel Crai ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Enter the light to craft beer nirvana , with a @USER brewery tour ! There is one every Friday . #BeerNirvana HTTPURL "
positive	" Tory is meeding with federal NDP members tomorrow morning , followed by : National Hot Dog Day celebrations . "
negative	I 'm watching Monday 's Big Brother and Clay is in it but I 'm confused because he was evicted last Thursday ?
neutral	" Miss Universe Org prez tells me #Trump wo n't attend Sunday 's Miss USA event He 's missed some in the past , but he said recently he 'd be here "
positive	" It 's STAR WARS DAY ! ! ! Ok technically it 's tomorrow at 00:05 , but when I next go to bed , a new Star Wars movie ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Even if Real Madrid were at fault for the De Gea saga , Fergie would have offloaded him back in June , Van Gaal plays too many games . "
neutral	" Straight outta Compton was class , been cruising about like Ice Cube since Sunday . "
negative	Kanye West really may be the most ignorant human walking the earth lol
neutral	Who wants to come to U2 with me ? And by that I mean buy me a ticket . HTTPURL
neutral	" Gentle reminder , If you wish to see Ant-Man and or Minions , you will need to do so prior to Friday , August 7 . "
neutral	@USER ... make huge sacrifices . Croke Park is the 3rd largest stadium in Europe . Ed Sheeran concerts were there recently .
positive	Celebrating the memories of a man who graced us with his knowledge and passion for the game every Monday night #RIP Frank Gifford . #Pro #NFL
neutral	I reflected on that time Kanye West presented Friday Night Project with Justin Lee Collins . HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	Kentucky clerk gets emotional and claims he may have to die in his fight against gay marriage HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	Floyd Mayweather thinks that Muhammad Ali is only the 5th greatest boxer ever . What do yall think ?
neutral	" If a country is not in control of its borrowing . Borrowing will take over the country - George Osborne ( UK Minister - Born : May 23 , 1971 ) . "
neutral	@USER Apparently Trump ( may have ) made this comment back during the Charlie Hebdo attack and not this one .
positive	melinda may can lift the mjolnir and use it and she 'll just say she 's doing her job . * at some point Thor lifted her . yep he 's dreamy *
positive	Happy Friday ! Ed Sheeran just played on the radio and it made my day ! Hope everyone has a great day !
positive	Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh recorded his first victory with the Eagles as Nigeria beat Niger 2-0 in a ... HTTPURL
negative	" Blacks are the most disgusting race on this planet . Well people in Iran , Afghanistan , Iraq , Isreal , etc may be worse . Romeo Rose "
neutral	Sunday at Chambers Bay presents the latest major opportunity for Dustin Johnson HTTPURL #Golf
negative	" My first time hearing " " Black Friday " " was yesterday .. Kendrick and Cole both murdered it "
positive	GOP presidential candidate Carly Fiorina will likely take the prime-time debate stage later this mon HTTPURL
neutral	Ready for the new David Bowie single ? ? ? #BlackStar album drops in January ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Not the right place but Jews and Israel are not the same , also Isis and Arabs and Muslims , may be one day you will know "
neutral	Caitlyn Jenner and Kris Jenner came face to face in public for the first time Friday night and it was all to ... HTTPURL
neutral	" ' Forget the differences between the Hindus and Muslims , and think of yourselves as Indians ' @USER @USER HTTPURL "
positive	A few days ago @USER said Ice cube may be the bet rapper lyrically I 'm starting to agree
neutral	" Alawites , Shias , Christians , Yezidis , etc the true victims of the middle east . may Allah protect them <3 "
neutral	@USER hi Adil how r you saw you last Thursday on MUSIC Awards on BBC 1 and today heard you on The Breakfast SHOW Chris Evans
neutral	" Brrr sure is a windy Wednesday tonight , get out of the cold and tune into 2NURFM ' s Left of Centre . We have U2 , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Seth Rollins won by the help of Stewart ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER if Rousey got hit with 9 significant strikes Sat I 'm passing.may take Cyborg if enough $ $ $ comes in on Rousey
positive	" SUNDAY , JUNE 19TH is NATIONAL ICE CREAM DAY ! ! ! ( Sorry for the short notice , but our A / C is now back up and ... HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER I think they may want a guy with back problems . Here , have Ryan Braun ! "
negative	" Your claims are based on hawaa . No knowledge of Deen , no adab about how to talk with Muslims . May Allaah disgrace u . HTTPURL "
positive	So @USER is back @USER and on great form with some much needed George Harrison for a Monday morning . #CoolestBeatle
neutral	" Tony Blair Faith Foundation : 65,000 fighters belonging to other Salafi-jihadi groups in Syria sympathise with IS HTTPURL "
neutral	Coalition is necessary for the 1st time Muslim stood up ag terrorsm wdout dependng on west.Iran cant be bcz all Ts there assets . @USER
neutral	today is my last day in bellagio bc we 're spending the day in Milan tomorrow im gonna be so sad leaving this place
positive	" Haha I love this post from Lady Gaga . She may be a huge megastar , but shes just like the rest of us ! #MTVStars HTTPURL "
neutral	I want Nicki to fight Miley on a national awards show so bad and tonight may be the night
positive	" A year ago today , Kris Bryant was named minor league player of the year . Today he sits in 6th place in RBIs in the National League . #stud "
neutral	The Rolling Stone says he smokes an ' early morning joint ' regularly Keith Richards may have quit cocaine nearly a ... HTTPURL
positive	Great Sunday Sesh at Redcliffe on the Murray today ! ! Beautiful weather for it . It was also Wilsons first gig to ... HTTPURL
positive	" Finally getting a chance to watch Sharknado 3 . I liked the 1st one a lot and loved the 2nd one , so I 've really been looking forward to it . "
negative	" Khamenei has written a 2nd letter to Western youth giving them advice , I hope they learn how to bankrupt their country like he did to Iran ! "
positive	" Saudi Arabia women voted in municipal elections Saturday morning , marking the first time they have been allowed to cast ballots in the "
positive	" Sure , ANT-MAN is a cool film , but make sure you know all your movie options . ... ( Vine by SATURDAY NIGHT VINE ) HTTPURL "
positive	Happy Birthday Prince George ! Hope you grow wise and healthy to be a great king one day #AllHailThePrince HTTPURL
neutral	frank ocean may have completely hoed us but at least the weeknd is making up for it
positive	Who went to the first Amy Schumer show on Saturday ? Anyone who would be willing to talk to me about it ? HTTPURL
neutral	Goodluck Jonathan fought Boko Haram and at the same time transformed the Economy .. HTTPURL @USER fumbles & wobbles ...
neutral	" I know there may be Jews that still hate Christians , but we owe our knowledge of the Savior and the Bible to Israel . HTTPURL "
neutral	I hope I can go to dunkin tomorrow bc it 's the only thing that 'll keep me awake / alive
negative	" @USER the death of our dear President Umar M.Yar Adua brought us GEJ , a disaster which brought about Boko Haram HTTPURL "
neutral	" Turkey ' astonished ' by Iranian charges of IS support : ANKARA : Turkey on Sunday said it was " " astonished " " by Ira ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER Heh , that 's my line . I 'll post some @USER here tonight to protect it , then tomorrow we 'll let Twilight inspect it . "
neutral	he was like my 4th bias when I started getting into kpop
positive	OHHH BOY . Love me some @USER new music in 2016 Music Dispatch : Gorillaz May Collaborate with David Bowie HTTPURL
negative	@USER Hi corps I ordered two boxes of Ant-man on July 23rd and I have n't received anything not even a email . I emailed you guys .
neutral	@USER RKBA was specifically mentioned Gay marriage may ( or not ) be under the banner of a different right But RKBA was specific
neutral	" What is with August 9 ? ? ? Bernie Mac , Isaac Hayes and now Frank Gifford all passed away on August 9 . "
neutral	" #Brewers Ryan Braun went 2 - for - 5 with a run scored , 81st RBI and his 25th double of the season . HTTPURL #MLB "
neutral	" The list of gay celebrities , some may surprise you : #ad HTTPURL "
neutral	Where are all the fans freaking out about the Mets Chemistry ? ? ? David Wright just did something that may have defied Biology & Physics .
negative	Dragon Ball Z tomorrow but I do n't know if I want to wake up early to see it at 12 ... When I can see F4ntastic or Ant-Man at a later time
neutral	It may be the right wing Indo SF TDs silent over Adams 's links to IRA tax dodger HTTPURL
neutral	Jason Aldean Thursday who is going ?
negative	" If a Genie gave me 3 wishes , my 1st would be to send all the rabid Jew-hating Zionist conspiracy kooks to ISIS wearing " " ISLAM SUCKS " " signs "
positive	Going to the Foo Fighters on the 25th ! ! Now just gotta see when RHCP comes out here
positive	If you have MOTO G 3rd gen guess what you can have Airtel 4G ! Tweet using #GetAirtel4G for a free SIM home delivery . !
negative	Shane is leaving to go back to Africa tomorrow . Ben is leaving for Israel on the 29th . Guess where I 'm going ? ! NOWHERE
neutral	" The Ronda Rousey-Holly Holm rematch will take place July 9 at UFC 200 , Dana White told the LA Times . HTTPURL "
positive	" the only thing i want for my birthday is books , films and tickets to sam smith when he 's coming here in december :-( ( ( "
neutral	" @USER Rousey may not be afraid of her now , but she was DEFINITELY afraid of her in Strikeforce , "
neutral	Libertines LP slips back a week - Sept 11 now . Was originally same week as Iron Maiden ( who would 've trounced it ) Now Duran & Stereophonics .
neutral	" If I 've done one more good deal , can I ask the Prince praise me ? HTTPURL " " First of May " " - Bee Gees "
neutral	Tomorrow it 'll have been one year since I saw shawn live for the first time
negative	" Mr President To Defeat Boko Haram In 3 Months is too long , at least 1 months because pple 's are suffering , pple 's are die.May ALLAH Help you "
positive	" Also , Sharknado 3 tomorrow ! Bring on the campy shark and theme park humor ! "
negative	Changed my field hockey number from 5 to 4 bc Zayn left but if the unthinkable happens this March I guess I 'm gonna be number 0
negative	" Hulk Hogan Retweets a Blaring Statement About President Obama and the N-Word ( But , Hulk is a BITCH ! ) HTTPURL via @USER "
negative	2nd Place again . How could it happen ? #MTVSTARS Lady Gaga
neutral	" Been to dunkin donuts so much that ravish now says " " see you tomorrow " " ... "
neutral	" NEWS : Kendrick Lamar Interviews N . W . A . [ Video ]: Kendrick Lamar sat down with MC Ren , Ice Cube , Dr ... HTTPURL #GCPR #HHBU "
neutral	Snap I totally forgot that I just have to get through tomorrow and then I 'm going to Houston for a long weekend and to see Ed Sheeran .
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER Destroy ISIS , Hezbollah , Boko Haram , Hamas , Al Qaeda , just to name a few , & peace may come to the world "
neutral	" Have questions about Islam and Muslims ? Join us at the Lady Fatima Center Open House on Sat , Sept 19 10am - 2pm HTTPURL "
neutral	" I wonder if the Bella Twins will be at Teen Choice tomorrow since they 're nominated . Probably gonna lose to Rousey , though . "
neutral	This image was taken at a huge demonstration in January after the Charlie Hebdo ; let 's stand with Paris again ... HTTPURL
neutral	Kiss a guy you just met after riding amusement park rides then he get eaten by Sharknado - - rough 1st date #Sharknado3
neutral	So Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter . Bruce you sly bastard you found a way into a female correctional facility ! #MyHero
neutral	Whhhyyyyy you guys no remind me Sam Smith was tomorrow ! ? @USER @USER @USER
positive	Here 's Shawn 's 2nd pass of the day which put us in the 10th spot . Still have 2 more Qualifying Passes today . HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER oh hahaha faham-faham . agaklah , kalau compare dengan nexus ? is it still worth it to go for Moto G 3rd gen ? kau rasa ? "
neutral	These PAUL McCartney tix are burning a hole in my pocket . Want em ? Call 313-298-1043 after the 2nd Paul / Beatles song . It WILL happen .
negative	" @USER @USER May I just ask , do the ants in Ant-Man agree to work with humans willingly ? Because otherwise it would be horrible . "
positive	" Barnes & Noble reported that Go Set a Watchman " " had its largest 1st day sale of an adult fiction book ever : ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Well , @USER may be happy that Thor is hosting SNL , but I 'm looking forward to Chance the Rapper . "
positive	" If you want to buy a new phone , Go for Moto G ( 3rd Gen ) now to get exciting offers . HTTPURL #MotoG "
neutral	" HTTPURL Ask Floyd Mayweather if he would prefer to be popular or successful , he would have to say the latter . "
positive	Frank Gifford was a Giant on the field before he spent a career on Monday Night Football . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER I 'm in the second season when Naruto is training with Master Jiraiya and the 3rd Hokage just fucked up Orochimaru 's arms .
positive	@USER Rousey over Floyd everyday of the week and twice on Sunday . #BestFight
neutral	" @USER Going to see Ant-Man on Tuesday ! Is it worth the money , or should I avoid it and go see another film ? "
neutral	@USER @USER that Hiroshima fella going well . So a few tipping Dustin Johnson for 1st round leader at 25/1 and see he is at it
neutral	Brock Lesnar returns tomorrow on raw the fight will continue ...
positive	" @USER @USER As Carly Fiorina is gaining in recent polls , she should have a spot in 2nd GOP debate . HTTPURL "
neutral	" no i mean street urchin diva ( tramp from the ghetto ) who latches right onto Islam , may Allah make it easy , Ameen . "
negative	Sam Smith hairline think it 's Throwback Thursday everyday or some shit huh
neutral	Cubs beat Giants 8-6 to take first 3 from San Fran ! Kris Bryant hits 15th homer of the year !
negative	@USER I am very seriously injerd in a road Accident 2nd day of Eid with my sweet sis :-(
negative	@USER I pray that one day you die in hell . Along side capitalist pigs like Kim Kardashian & Justin Bieber . May Stalin smite you .
negative	" UK Home Sec Theresa May , a MoU with Saudi Arabia and why global condemnation of human rights record wo n't happen HTTPURL "
neutral	Chuck Norris does the Sunday New York Times Crossword Puzzle in ink .
neutral	Sunday Oliseh made his first appearance as the Super Eagles coach in Da res Salaam on Saturday against Tanzania ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER Twilight : yes you may * lays down on her couch *
neutral	Why Harley-Davidson may not be the perfect ride for Scott Walker HTTPURL
neutral	" Tuesday Raw Roundtable : Sting , Dudleys , Seth Rollins Clashes with Stephanie , Divas Beat The Clock : WWE had ano ... HTTPURL "
positive	New show ! Interview with Ice Cube and O'Shea Jackson Jnr #StraightOuttaCompton HTTPURL
negative	Eamonn Holmes has dropped the biggest hint yet that he 's going into the Celebrity Big Brother house on Thursday ... HTTPURL
positive	All pumped . #SummerSlam is tomorrow and Brock Lesnar is taking the Undertaker to #SuplexCity yay yay !
positive	Sun . is National Ice Cream Day ! Celebrate at @USER with FREE sundae toppings from 12noon - 5pm . HTTPURL
neutral	" FYI , the inspiration 4 Ant-Man has been turned into a miniseries by @USER and it 's out tomorrow , #TheShrinkingMan , #themoreyouknow "
positive	We could be seeing Celebrity Big Brother launch on the 23rd of August although no date has been confirmed #bbuk #cbb HTTPURL
positive	" Kerry Washington , Viola Davis , Amy Schumer and Jill Soloway all make @USER power 100 list for 1st time . #changingtheworld "
negative	" I want to hear yakub dead , when I wake up tomorrow #HangYakub "
neutral	David Otunga says Brock Lesnar is the best athlete to ever come out of Minnesota . I think we have the lead item for tomorrow 's Livecast .
positive	" @USER aww happy birthday , Curtis ! Are you coming to the BSI weekend in January ? xx "
neutral	' Kris Bryant ' appeared on Wednesday 2 at the 18th place in the Top 20 of Chicago 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	Like when I had to reset my PS4 cuz Monica erased everything . I just sat and cried for like 20 minutes but I got over it :)
neutral	Anyone be interested in a Dark Souls 2 Scholar of the 1st son blind stream ? HTTPURL
negative	Shoutout to Christians with awful double standards for making normal Christians look like idiots HTTPURL
neutral	Hulk Hogan : ' I want to be Trump 's running mate . Vice President Hogan ' - Washington Times HTTPURL
neutral	When you remember Iron Maiden 's #BookOfSouls album drops this Friday ... HTTPURL
neutral	" If you tuned into Caitlyn Jenner 's reality series " " I am Cait " " on E ! last night , you may have see one of our ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER see you there Wednesday bring dunkin iced coffee 6 & 6
negative	explosive resistant passports ! ! ! Charlie Hebdo shootings left ID card in the car . 9/11 plane hijacker 's passports found . Paris c'mon .
neutral	I know McGregor has been hyped like Rousey & I also know if he loses tomorrow Dana White might stroke out HTTPURL
positive	Happy Monday ! The winners of our Foo Fighters competition will be announced today ! Who will be going to their ... HTTPURL
positive	There is not need to Wine about it :) Briana 's wine pick for this week will make your Wine Wednesday the best one ... HTTPURL
positive	" @USER Thanks for another great show , Miss you tomorrow as I am going to Ed Sheeran ! Will catch up on your tl when I get home ! "
negative	" P.Diddy gave Justin Bieber a $ 300,000 Lamborghini for his 16th birthday , more than he has given to all the starving children in Africa . "
negative	" Town in the USA , rejects solar panels for sucking ' up all the energy from the sun ' . Looks like Rahul Gandhi must have visited this town . "
positive	May your journey be peaceful Frank Gifford as you move to the light . Sending prayers of comfort and adjustment to ... HTTPURL
positive	Wanna watch Sharknado 3 but I 've yet to see Sharknado 1 or 2 ! So I 'll watch those 2 before I watch the 3rd movie !
negative	Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges for her involvement in a car accident . Oh the irony .
negative	@USER : 1 way to lose votes is to side with a cheater like Tom Brady . 2nd way is to think its ok that #KimDavis was arrested .
neutral	There is no compulsion in the religion . OUR JOB IS TO CONVEY - NOT TO CONVERT May Allah guide us all to Islam ... HTTPURL
positive	such a good ending to SHARKNADO 3 ! YOU DECIDE BY TWITTER HASHTAG IF APRIL LIVES OR DIES ! the answer will be ... HTTPURL
negative	" @USER WRONG . you need to fact check . Paris is on lockdown , bruh . This photo is after Charlie Hebdo in January . "
positive	@USER Friday out Bologna til Sunday morning train to Milan then Monza for the Italian Grand Prix yeah boy ! ! !
neutral	" David Wright back in Mets lineup for first time since April : For the first time since April 14 , David Wright w ... HTTPURL "
negative	@USER an Egyptian source which only says it 's considered false . There have been videos also perpetuating Friday 's Eid as wrong .
positive	@USER great article on U2 ' s use of the Psalms ! It 's great to bring some context to those fans who may not be aware of the background .
positive	Box Office : Ant-Man avoids a Trainwreck with $ 22.6 million Friday for no . 1 ... - HitFix HTTPURL
positive	NUEVO DJ Sergio ! NIRVANA ! This FRIDAY ! LEGENDARY Max TOrres ! Isis the VOICE ! and DJ Sergio ! WIth the BEST of the ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Kris Bryant was back in the Cubs ' lineup and ready to play before Monday night 's rainout in Pittsburgh , but his ... HTTPURL "
positive	Our lives as Christians may be the only Bible some people read . So it 's important that as Christians we live it to the very best . Goodnight !
positive	My friends and family knew about my crush for my 1st love in Kpop . It came to the point that my school org got to know about it too . lol
positive	Curtis very happy with Liverpool destroying Man City ! Hopefully Tottenham will do the same to the Hammers tomorrow ! ! !
positive	Janet Jackson 's smooth new song will make you feel ' Unbreakable ' HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	" @USER Piper 's Pit , Sun Dome in Tampa . Hulk Hogan accepts the challenge from Andre the Giant for WMIII ! I was there ! #unforgetable "
neutral	Did I mention I am going to the Blue Jays game on Friday ? I am going to the Blue Jays game on Friday . David Price is pitching .
neutral	Do you want tickets to Ed Sheeran in #Houston on Sept 3 ? Enter our Facebook contest here : @USER HTTPURL
neutral	" He 's a very fast starter in the first round in Majors , but will Dustin Johnson strike it third time lucky come Sunday ? #Majors #golfchat "
positive	So excited ! Will have to buy a PS4 just for this game HTTPURL
neutral	" Not a fan of TFI Friday or Chris Evans , but Alan Partridge co-presenting makes it an absolute must watch . "
neutral	" TOR beats MIN in David Price 's debut . Jays move into tie for 2nd wild card with Twins , O 's now . 5 GB . "
neutral	" Flying around the world for free sounds great , but this Rolling Stone profile may make you change your mind . HTTPURL "
neutral	briana 's mum said that briana is 34 weeks pregnant which falls around the 30th of april and louis is in london by then
negative	all the jerks who signed petitions for mercy for Yakub have ensured he doesnt go out for them .. No ? HTTPURL
neutral	Milan derby just after the international break with Juventus v Roma tomorrow .
neutral	Kane may interfere though . I 'm calling it . This will not be a clean match . #WWESummerSlam
neutral	@USER Our friend Shawn is coming for the 1st time . We gave him a bunch of tips . I can type them up & send in a FB message if you want .
positive	" yesterday ericka n I went to the hotel where sam smith was staying n sat in the lobby for a good 2 hrs n saw 2 guys that seemed " " important " " "
positive	" S . Korea welcomes chance to diversify oil supply with US , Iran crude : SEOUL Dec 23 South Korea is eager to inc ... HTTPURL "
negative	That 's one sex tape I hope to NEVER see ! Is Hulk Hogan a racist ? Find out what @USER has to say about it HTTPURL
negative	" Charlie Hebdo shooting in January , bombing in June , attack on the train in August - @USER has a point . "
neutral	" @USER there 's going to be a 4th according to the end of 3 . I think it should be " " Sharknado 4 : Seriously ? WTF ? " " "
neutral	Anyone going to the October 3rd MSG show with BROCK LESNAR that 'll air LIVE on #WWENetwork ? #WWE #Raw
negative	" One of the son of neighbor lawyer even said " " these blood thirsty people will hang Yakub tomorrow " " - Last Night "
negative	Paul McCartney is coming to Buffalo October 22 ! Guess who is going to be out of town that week ... me #fuck
positive	The Vamps ticket selling on November 7 and im gonna camp out for tickets rip me i really hope i get the ticket with m & g
neutral	@USER was gutted I was n't at T the Saturday to witness it .. he delivers the Gucci on a daily basis mate !
positive	Carly Fiorina got a bump in the polls and in fundraising after her solid performance in Thursday 's pre-debate forum . HTTPURL
positive	" My thoughts go out to the family of Frank Gifford , great on Monday Night Football and in The Hall of Fame in football . #RIPFrankGifford "
positive	That goes for George Osborne and Theresa May too :) do n't think I 've forgotten you :) :)
negative	This may sound sad but I 've gotten so used to not having David Wright play w / the #nymets that im ok if he does n't return .
positive	I just realized that Go Set a Watchman comes out tomorrow ! ! !
positive	But I think the weekend or Kendrick may possibly get album of the year
neutral	" Hear me and hear me well Saints , these " " cult-leaders " " may be forcing " " conversions " " on Christians in the dark ? But ... HTTPURL "
positive	Saying something DBZ related that may seem extraordinary fucks niggas up like it does Naruto . No I love that series man
negative	You may oppose death penalty ... you may demand justice for riot victims but none of this makes Yakub an innocent bystander.Stop this nonsense
negative	@USER We 've had 2 world wars . The 3rd will be a very different one and it will be down to Muslims & their hatred of us
neutral	16th hats in the last verse of Bad Blood are soooo sick
neutral	Tony Blair is right : Without the Iraq war there would be no Islamic State ! #UniteBlue HTTPURL
positive	With that sweep of the Royals.White Sox are now 3 games closer to 1st place ! #WhiteSox #MLB
neutral	My dad just asked him to join him in February on a business trip to Iran ... Ummm what u think ?
neutral	@USER I 'm going sleep . May Allah forgive my sins and protect me from your kind . And May Allah guide you to Islam and leave Kufr
neutral	" Is that Seth Rollins , or the 4th member of New Day ? #wwe #TitleforTitle #SummerSlam "
neutral	" I know I only tweet about Frank Ocean , but I have my fingers crossed he drops his album tomorrow or during the VMAs "
neutral	" The late Frank Gifford is the reason why I often say " " Mundee night " " instead of " " Monday night . " " @USER "
positive	Niall 's laugh at the end of that snapchat is honestly the 2nd best part of the best snapchat every recorded
neutral	@USER I encountered a problem with my Real Madrid jersey and was wondering if you may help .
neutral	" @USER F-Main , are you in the office tomorrow if I send over some Curtis proofs c / o you , for you and a few colleagues ? "
neutral	i just wanna buy frank ocean a calendar cause yea he said july ... it 's august 24th ..
neutral	" #MLBFantasy Carlos Rodon limited the Indians to one run over seven innings Tuesday , and the White Sox held on to beat the Indians 7-4 . "
neutral	@USER @USER our store is reopening in Milan on Sat .. Go buy all the Disney stuff and also bring back a trophy and pizza !
negative	" Boko Haram member Mahamat Moustapha , a Nigerian , alleged to have been the mastermind of the June suicide attack in ... HTTPURL "
negative	... 1st of all this is Amy Schumer and she 's funnier and hotter than you will ever be 2nd of all shut the fuck up HTTPURL
positive	" Best of luck to Tad , Theresa , Curtis , and all the other UK fans when logging in to work Monday . Told you I was ... HTTPURL "
positive	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL Jeff Hardy Returns To Raw To Confront Seth Rollins and the Authority : Raw , July 27 , "
neutral	Apr 10 1970 - Paul McCartney announces that he is leaving The Beatles for personal & amp ; amp ; professional reasons
neutral	" To all the nerds it 's " " Star Wars Day " " to me it 's just another Thirsty Thursday ! #InABarFarFarAway "
positive	I got 4 Janet Jackson tickets I just hope I do n't lose them by January
positive	Your soul may belong to the devil but your ass belongs to my client Brock Lesnar Undertaker my fav but that line was classic @USER
negative	" / / Screw this , if Kane does n't return tomorrow , he 'll be back in the fall . "
positive	David Price pitched eight innings of two-run ball in a win over the Angels on Friday . #BlueJays
negative	" I thought GAY @USER & other Erats are talking about ' competence ' ? GMB is LYING , his boys are defending . @USER HTTPURL "
negative	" Kim Davis : " " I have no doubt your opinion of me may have been swayed by the liberal media gotchyas ... there is a war on Christians in America . " " "
positive	" Ant-man is getting good reviews , might have to go watch it sunday night "
neutral	" Two extra tickets to the Red Sox game tomorrow who wants to come ? DM or Text me , game is at 1:30 "
neutral	David Price and Josh Donaldson lead Blue Jays ' in 9-2 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . #MLB HTTPURL
positive	A @USER rule change should allow Carly Fiorina to earn a spot on the main stage for the 2nd Republican debate . HTTPURL
positive	" A quick stop at dunkin donuts for coffee , now back on the turnpike ! About an hour left to Philadelphia ... for the 2nd time today #48hrsnosleep "
positive	@USER I saw the Foo Fighters for the 6th time last Saturday .. What 's your favorite Foo album ? ? ?
neutral	" Hulk Hogan is n't a racist . And if he is , may God strike me dead ! - Roddy Piper "
neutral	So apparently today is Carly Fiorina Sunday on all the talking heads show . This is a job for Netflix !
positive	kendrick was everything i wanted it to be a new danisnotonfire video on monday !
positive	" @USER Owen grinned , this may be a little easier . " " I 've heard a lot about you from Thor and Chris . It 's lovely to meet you ! " " "
positive	" @USER Niall please follow me , my birthday is on september 25 and a follow from u guys would be the perfect gift "
neutral	Zach Putnam will be unavailable for the White Sox again tonight after experiencing right groin soreness while warming up Saturday night .
positive	My thoughts and prayers are with my @USER comrade Frank Gifford and his family . May our #NFL great rest in paradise .
positive	The String Quartet Tribute To Nirvana - Smells Like Teen Spirit | I 'll play this all day on the 31st ... just because HTTPURL
negative	Christians snapchat story makes me want to kill myself .. like I feel like a depressed 8th grader going through that emo phase
positive	" Balotelli in his 2nd Milan debut : a goal in 3 minutes , assisted the 2nd , and won a penalty . Final score : 3-2 HTTPURL "
neutral	" Transfers : Man United respond to Real Madrid , saying it was up to them to open negotiations for David De Gea on Monday ( ESPN ) "
neutral	Sydney 's Bad Blood costumes for the August 15th show in Santa Clara ! @USER @USER HTTPURL
positive	Tuesday class at 4:30 pm ... Yoga for Every Body ; perfect end of first day of school ! HTTPURL
positive	I think that having Undertaker on Monday Night Raw and in a feud with Brock Lesnar IS best for business ! #RAWKansasCity #WWE
positive	" Just as I say how good Anderson has been , Murray goes 3-1 up in the 3rd . Of course . #USOpen "
negative	Sam smith will be here Saturday and I 'm not going ... something is not right .
neutral	" Downtown Halifax on a Wednesday night : extremely tough-looking biker in full leathers roars by , radio blaring the Bee Gees . "
neutral	" You may argued that the two Milan clubs have lost their lustre especially Inter having a single Coppa Italia to their name , says a lot "
neutral	" Milan bourse closes up 3.74 % : Milan , December 15 - The Milan bourse rallied at Tuesday 's close as the FTSE-MIB ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Do n't Forget to Join #NAIPod LIVE Tomorrow at Noon on HTTPURL We 're Taking YOUR Calls on the Hulk Hogan situation Be Heard
neutral	so if anyone wants to bring me donuts or anything on monday id be gucci with it .
neutral	Surgery tomorrow morning . If I die bury me inside the Gucci store
neutral	@USER get to Manchester at 7 tonight just sat in Milan airport now ur flight go okay ?
negative	Literally ... ALMOST NO ONE KNEW who the fuck Frank Ocean or The Weeknd were on January 1st 2011 By the summer .. they were EVERYWHERE
neutral	Celebrity Big Brother to stage a fake double eviction with a twist on Friday - Metro
positive	Ant-Man at AMC Cinema Suites on a Sunday afternoon is a great choice . Good film . Have to see it again cause missed @USER ' s scene
negative	" 1st they 're trying Kane & now Derrick Rose . Yeah , OK . I call bullshit . Lie detector tests should be mandatory when it comes to rape charges . "
positive	Tons of preseason football and an important jays game with David price on the mound . Ideal friday
positive	" She is like staring at the sun , she could easily blind someone - Jason Aldean "
negative	" If he gets the crap beat out of him Saturday , Dana White may die . HTTPURL "
neutral	#Confirmed Lali will be one of the two opening acts for Katy Perry 's concert in Argentina October 3rd !
negative	Then you add in the guilt factor . Did Harper Lee really want Watchman published ? If her 1st draft has been hijacked I 'd feel bad reading it .
positive	Finally the Grammies give some more attention to the artistry of hip-hop . Good job Kendrick on having the 2nd most nominations ever . ( 11 )
neutral	" @USER Thanks Jan , U2 ~ Just attending to stray kitten which has arrived " " out of the blue " " ~ Grey & Cloudy here in Gwynedd today ~ "
positive	" Only the best were born July 22nd : Oscar de la Renta & me . Ok fine , I guess we can include Prince George too . "
neutral	Show me your 7th grade literature term paper on Iron Maiden lyrics so I know it 's real .
neutral	" Yo I 'm all in for trying to break Tom Brady on Thursday . All our D Lineman should just yell " " deflategate " " the whole game "
neutral	Top Gear returns with Chris Evans hosting in May HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	" @USER well , I think KC may have a good QB for the future in Murray . "
positive	" I truly believe there are Christians , Muslims and Jews who will go to heaven ! It 's the people condemning others who wo n't make it ! #sunday "
neutral	ok so who 's trynna go see Justin Bieber with me in March ? ? ?
negative	" Too bad David Wright was n't available to PH instead of having d'Arnaud PH for the 1st time . Wait , he WAS available ? #mets "
positive	" Roll call : who 's going to the Foo Fighters show tomorrow ? I 'll be there with my mom , who will tell me to ease up on the beer , JUSTINE RUTH . "
positive	but on the bright side i bought myself a ticket to see sam smith in Raleigh oct 6th
negative	" @USER Also , the Red Sox do not have a challenge . They lost it in the 9th . This should n't be reviewed . "
negative	Assam Congress leader Nilomoni sen deka reffered Smritini Irani as PM 's 2nd wife .. And Still Rahul Gandhi talks about women Empowerment .
negative	Dustin Johnson is completely melting down . Sunday 's just do n't agree with him . #PGAChamp
negative	and i 'm not rich of course there 's a reason we 're only going saturday which also meant no kim and briana photo for us lol
positive	Kinda wanna go to the Jason Aldean concert tomorrow
neutral	Does it really take Justin Bieber to remind us how great our NHS is ? Sigh ... ( thanks Justin . ) HTTPURL
neutral	Zayn may be an asshole but he 's cute and nice deep inside
neutral	#WWE Monday Night #RAW 8/ 3/15 Seth Rollins kicks off the show after Piper tribute - HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	And I 'm still so confused about Kanye West speech from Sunday lol ...
neutral	" @USER @USER I mean ... I 've seen No Doubt a few times . But c'mon , it 's ICE CUBE ! "
negative	Roger Goodell do your job . Tom Brady is suspended 1st 4 games . Patriots forfeit any of those games he plays . #thatisall #bermanhasnopower
neutral	" @USER Sky Johnson saw Gucci walking across campus on monday . And he was like " " wait , whut ? " " "
neutral	#tmz Hulk Hogan - - Blowin ' Off Steam - Hulk Hogan tried to maintain his daily regime by hitting the gym Saturday . ... HTTPURL
neutral	Friday 9pm : Celebrity Big Brother : Live 10.30 pm : CBBBOTS 11.30 pm : CBB : Live from the House 12am : #CBB : Live from the House
positive	As a teenager in the 80 ' s I loved Monday Night Football and listening to Frank Gifford . Even Cosell and Dandy Don were tolerable
positive	I 'm honestly really satisfied with my classes except 3rd but it 's Gucci
positive	Today is our Little Miss Emporium Fair 's 2nd birthday - she was born 2 hours before Prince George ! Needless to say there will be cake .
neutral	" we may be playing San Marino , but it 's good to Kane get on the scoresheet "
neutral	Ca n't glance at a TV w / o seeing John Kasich on a Sunday show . Let 's mobilize the Mich militia & take back Toledo while they 're preoccupied .
neutral	" My question : If @USER has canceled May trip to Milan for Jubilee commitments , what are the commitments . He going someplace else ? "
neutral	Carly Fiorina wants special treatment . The criteria was published may 20 . She did n't cut it so there 's that .
negative	@USER Tate loses to Rousey for a 3rd time . what does she do ? Keep beating contenders and earn a 4th shot nobody wants to watch
neutral	1 million Jews just sat up and listened when Seth Rollins ' nasal voice rang out . #RAW
neutral	" So , tomorrow I shall watch Sharknado for the first time . And tweet it . "
neutral	Janet Street Porter shocks viewers as she calls two-year-old Prince George a ' ' CROSS-DRESSING millionaire ' ' HTTPURL #EMM
negative	" Supreme Court . " " Gay Marriage . " " Kentucky Clerk Jailed . The Rule of Lawlessness . Today , a clerk in Kentucky . Tomorrow , the rest of us . "
positive	@USER Vs @USER at Tuesday Night Main Event . tell Triple H u want a match against Brock Lesnar tonight
neutral	Real Madrid have asked Keylor Navas to cancel his flight out of Madrid on Monday as they try to include him in the deal that would finally
positive	" RIP to Frank Gifford , always remember as a kid anytime you heard his voice you knew it was time for Monday Night Football . "
positive	I 'm just trying to get to Sept 20 fam . Janet Jackson coming to town
neutral	" Ice Cube and Kevin Hart are back in the first trailer for Ride Along 2 , due Jan 22nd HTTPURL "
neutral	" Syrian bishop : " " If the war continues , as seems likely ... all the Christians will leave Syria . " " HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	" Jason Aldean Thursday , free Toronto Blue Jays game Friday and ZBB concert Sunday . Bout to be the best weekend of summer . "
neutral	" Powerslave is the fifth studio album by the English heavy metal band Iron Maiden , released on 3 September 1984 on ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Gunners want Real Madrid midfielder ? Tuesday 's Arsenal gossip round-up HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	The last thing Sonia & Rahul Gandhi want today is words of support from Robert Vadra . It may only jeopardise their case #SoniaRahulHazirHo
neutral	HBT @USER David Wright on track to make his return next Monday HTTPURL
positive	I remember when I was so obsessed with twilight during the summer before I went to 4th grade I watched it everyday and night
neutral	john cena may be injured so it may mean that seth rollins will not be defending his united states championship at night of champions
neutral	" Dustin Johnson , so often the nearly man at the majors , eagles the par - 5 16th to share the early PGA Championship lead at four under . "
neutral	The sun is shining once again after the dark storm that was Ira 's absence
neutral	Boruto : Naruto the movie comes out tomorrow HTTPURL
positive	Inviting the friends for Eid visiting ! Sat or Sun ? ? ?
neutral	@USER Seems to me like the Spurs gotta be careful because once Kane 's contract runs out he may leave
neutral	Carter handing off 1st ... but Bromell gonna be close ... Gay might give US the lead ... n Bolt may have to chase
positive	do you know that moment when you stare at the sun and your eyes start to cry because it 's so bright ? that happens to me when i look at Niall
neutral	" International Crisis Group ( ICG ) , Iran After the Nuclear Deal , 15 December 2015 . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Randal Grichuk ties Kris Bryant with his 14th HR of the season , the difference is Grichuk has 100 less at-bats . #Grichuk4ROTY #STLCards "
positive	WWE Fans glad thank you @USER @USER Sting vs . Seth Rollins John Cena vs . Seth Rollins Good Luck Sunday Sept 20 !
neutral	Our hopes and fears for the film version of John Green 's Paper Towns HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Hi Adeeb Luams still have n't opened after Eid . Will open from the 10th of Aug . Decoration work ongoing . Sorry for the inconvenience !
neutral	" Cc @USER " " @USER : As odd as it may sound , I do n't even know this Kendrick Lamar ! " " "
positive	@USER @USER @USER I 'm saying Murray was good but it great . Randle and dmc are just as good if it better . CM is 4th RB
positive	Gonna watch Paper Towns tomorrow with my friend :D finishing the book right now ! #PaperTowns @USER @USER @USER
positive	@USER We did . He says it should be corrected tomorrow . Thor is available on Twitter @USER
neutral	Niall 's always thought the warmth of Liam 's smile would make the sun feel cold and lifeless . [ tries to smile through the tears ]
neutral	Pedroia could make Red Sox return as soon as Tuesday HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" Tomorrow is August 8th . Frank Ocean , let me down if you want to .. "
positive	" Katy Perry 's Last Friday Night speaks to me . Oh , not so with you ? I get it , but ... it 's early , have faith , weedhoppers . "
neutral	" Dustin Johnson flies out of the blocks at every major , but he simply can not get it right on a Sunday . "
positive	Somehow I was able to enjoy the 2nd half of Ant-Man in spite of my gleeful anticipation about all the Ant-Lamb jokes I could n't wait to make
neutral	" I have 3 GA tickets for Ed Sheeran in Frisco , Texas for this Saturday ! DM if you 're interested I need to sell them quickly "
neutral	Hanley Ramirez ( shoulder ) remained out of the Red Sox ' lineup Wednesday .
negative	" Cyber-squatter accuses Carly Fiorina of wishing she 'd laid off 30,000 employees more quickly | PolitiFact HTTPURL "
neutral	If you address Sebastian Stan or Chris Evans somebody else may respond instead . #marvel #chrisevans #sebastianstan
negative	" Rise to " " unprecedented levels " " in verbal harassment incidents , no mob harassment on 2nd day of Eid : initiative HTTPURL #Egypt "
neutral	Gucci baggy skin below the eyes subconscious self hopefulness january gain strength the couple yours symbologi ...
neutral	When Frank Ocean said he was gonna release his new album in July & it 's already August 14th & still nothing . HTTPURL
negative	In Sha Allah the one who fund war on Islam will be destroyed Militarily and Economically . HTTPURL
positive	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL WWE RAW , Seth Rollins vs Randy Orton for the WWE World Heavyweight Champion , Aug 10 , "
neutral	Super Eagles Coach Sunday Oliseh has revealed why Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel was not on the list of ... HTTPURL
neutral	Trying to cope with 30 Dec Milan heat wearing a suit ...
positive	It 's a Foo Fighters Friday on 933 The Wolf .. Fast Freddie has your chance to win tickets all afternoon . When you ... HTTPURL
neutral	Who 's trying to come with me to see Shawn ? HTTPURL
negative	" @USER And he 'll endlessly criticise Muslims , Christians , but never a word against the 3rd monotheistic religion : Judaism . "
positive	" Todd Haynes excels again with the exquisite #Carol from Dec 4 , starring Cate Blanchett HTTPURL HTTPURL "
negative	John Kasich just acted like a human being . This may be a huge mistake . #GOPDebate
neutral	" Lawyers argue that Yakub filed mercy plea for the first time in his own name on Wednesday . Hence , he should get 14 days ' @USER "
neutral	#ACDC Twivia Question #2100 : This AC / DC release was their 1st # 1 LP in the USA . Rolling Stone magazine declared it to be their best album ?
neutral	Who could it be ? Gov . John Kasich getting major endorsement Monday at Alabama Sports Hall of Fame in Birmingham ... home of Sugar Bowl losers .
neutral	So if anyone wants to buy me an outfit for the Jason Aldean concert Sunday for my bday that would be great bc I do n't have anything ! ! ! :-)
neutral	What 's On @USER Chittering this weekend ? Chittering Valley Twilight Markets - Saturday 12th : see the Shire website ... HTTPURL
neutral	Remember when 6th grade Shawn strut into the drama club 's performance of Casey At The Bat to this HTTPURL
neutral	May just have to write a letter to Frank Ocean everyday until I figure out when this album will drop . #NotebookFlex
negative	" @USER you 're an idiot . Word is integrate , demanding to assimilate is an abuse . 2nd , Muslims can integrate fine if they want to . "
positive	But it 's a three day weekend and we see Ed Sheeran tomorrow ( ! ! ! ) so things miiiight be looking up .
positive	I was all about Naruto and anime in middle school early high school lol . If it 's still good I may get back into it HTTPURL
neutral	" Akin Gump , has been tapped to raise money for the presidential campaign of Gov . John Kasich , R-Ohio , who kicked off his candidacy on Tuesday "
neutral	" Mase said c'mon , Mike said shamon , lets start it up early like raven symone Welcome Back RMX - Mase Feat . Kanye West HTTPURL "
positive	Carly Fiorina gets promoted to the top table for the Sep 16 CNN Republican nominee debate HTTPURL
positive	Republican candidate Carly Fiorina tweets that she is OK after getting into an accident with a deer Friday .
positive	I literally can not freaking wait to see Paper Towns on Wednesday I just know it is going to be soooo good . #PaperTowns
neutral	Found this after hearing of the loss of Frank Gifford - What a perfect vision of him ? Sending prayers up for family HTTPURL
neutral	Which pose would you like to choose ? Tuesday 4:00- 6:00 p.m. Yoga classes at Ferdowskids . HTTPURL
positive	Caitlyn Jenner will appear on the Season 13 premiere of Ellen Tuesday . HTTPURL
positive	Big inning for the White Sox . That error by Alexei Ramirez that allowed a run to score in the top of 8th weighing heavily right now .
neutral	Performing with black artist does n't take away the fact that Nicki gave you a 3rd degree burn with her tea hunty . HTTPURL
neutral	" Hours before he arrived in Saudi Arabia on Tuesday , Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan accused Syria 's president of " " mercilessly " " ... "
neutral	" Copped the new HTC yesterday , interview at dunkin donuts warehouse Monday , shits going good man . "
positive	It was Prince George 's 2nd birthday today ! Is n't he a cutie ? Is your little one 's birthday soon ? Not sure what to ... HTTPURL
neutral	Mayo clinic bound on Sunday with Briana . Focused on getting my baby healthy ! ! Nothing else matters right now . #nomoretearsin2015
neutral	" Hey , I have a ticket for Jason Aldean this Saturday for sale ! ! Someone please buy it "
negative	If you really think Rousey can be Mayweather I can not take you serious at all ... This is a MAN fighting a WOMAN c'mon now
negative	Jealous of all the people going to see U2 in October :(
neutral	I gotta go and get some sleep .. its so late here .. will keep voting tomorrow morning before the closing #MTVStars lady Gaga
neutral	@USER do not get into kpop u may or may not be able to control urself and the storage in ur phone bc of saving too much pics
negative	" I guess with DJ it 's a Sunday thing and not a final round thing , and Paul Dunne ? Are you kidding me ? #OpenChampionship "
negative	How about one on how ESPN got played like a fiddle by the NFL in an attempt to tarnish Tom Brady 's legacy ? HTTPURL
neutral	Rousey is about to kill Hollie Holm in January . My guess is 16 seconds #UFC195 #bantemweightchampuonship
neutral	@USER what about the beat to 3rd Quarter by Gucci
neutral	@USER and then y u did n't prepare urself for Eid 2nd day ...
neutral	U2 - LIVE UNDER A BLOOD RED SKY by U2 was no . 14 in the UK album charts on 4 September 1985
negative	" Last night 's #WWE #RAW , or , ' Seth Rollins and the Terrible , Horrible , No Good , Very Bad Day ' HTTPURL HTTPURL "
negative	" El cor : Aug 18 , 5:30 AM EDT IS MILITANTS CALL ON MUSLIMS ... HTTPURL and the blame game continues , its about Isis not Turkey "
positive	@USER Nia Long did n't have a problem with it when Ice Cube said it in Friday . That 's what really matters
negative	" Kane may have made it 5-0 , I may have lost my bet . But guess what , I can speak properly , Harry Kane can't . "
positive	im siltitng in my room the sun is rising outside my windwo and im laughign at my fucking naruto joke
neutral	Intrigued by the mentions of alternate realities in this review of David Bowie 's Lazarus : HTTPURL
neutral	Retweeted GameSpot ( @USER ): Praise the Sun ! @USER breaks down the lore of Dark Souls today on In 2 ... HTTPURL
positive	Check out the diary room chair for Celebrity Big Brother ! It 's AMAZING ! #CBB starts Thursday 9pm TV3 HTTPURL
negative	Seriously Kanye West is the biggest joke ever . The burrito I am gonna get at Moe 's tomorrow would be a better president .
positive	@USER I think you guys are a little excited . National hot dog day is July 23rd .
neutral	" @USER well at least its not Curtis , and he may have made some mistakes bc he 's human but with a fanbase as big as his he shouldnt "
neutral	@USER just saw Paul Dunne tee off on the 12th at The Open ... classic big bottom small . Lol
positive	When you summer has been so wild that the highlight is going to see the Paper Towns tomorrow
positive	@USER this shirt got a lot of love here in Virginia last Thursday at the Jason Aldean Concert ! HTTPURL
neutral	Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges : CAITLYN JENNER may be about to face manslaughter charges for her ... HTTPURL
positive	" Happy Captain America Day ! David Wright batting 4th tonight . Mets , yo . "
neutral	HTTPURL Brock Lesnar and the Undertaker brawl on Monday night raw part 1
neutral	" While I appreciate Frank Gifford 's Monday Night Football commentary , how did he get out of serving in Vietnam ? Others died #tcot #gop "
neutral	Bases loaded in the 1st for Kris Bryant--no pressure ...
positive	Last day closing at Dunkin . Tomorrow is my actual last day . Thank god .
neutral	" Princess ( later Queen ) Anne , the last Stuart monarch of Britain , married Prince George of Denmark on 28 July 1683 "
neutral	@USER Are you refunding booking fees due to The Vamps Manchester Sunday 17th April cancellation ?
neutral	" John Cena , please stop breaking the 4th wall every time you enter the arena . #WWE #SummerSlam "
neutral	" @USER may ALLAH RABULIZZAT accepts all your efforts u made in the path to spread the msg of Islam n Prophet Muhammad SAW , AMEEN "
positive	" Here 's where to get a free hot dog tomorrow , on National Hot Dog day HTTPURL via @USER "
neutral	Tomorrow will be the last day to vote ! We have to vote harder if we want to take the 1st place ! #MTVStars Lady Gaga HTTPURL
positive	On Friday night I wondered what the Charlie Hebdo response would be . It does n't disappoint . HTTPURL
neutral	HTTPURL George Osborne has decided to spoof to the left in an attempt to broaden support for decimating #welfare . The tit .
positive	" PS4 is all packed up with the rest of my gear , moving day tomorrow ! "
positive	Tomorrow @USER 5pm in GSC buy tickets to Ed Sheeran in concert at Riverbend on 9/17 . Tickets are $ 20 cash . See you there ! HTTPURL
neutral	New post : MLB roundup : Blue Jays score four in the 10th to top Red Sox HTTPURL
neutral	@USER September 11th taught many of us all we want to know about Islam .
neutral	Kamloops Sun Devils defeat Prince George 7-4 Sun Devils play Victoria tonight at 8p m - - - winner to the B . C . Baseball Championships final
negative	" @USER Well there you go , John Cena inspires people to kill themselves . I may do a review of the show "
positive	Jason Aldean and Kenny Cheney at the Meadowlands this Saturday is going to be wild ! ! ! #NoShoesNation
positive	They should always be included in our prayers . May Allah give them the strength and power to vanquish Boko Haram . HTTPURL
negative	I can't believe it 's been 12 years since I lost my Big Brother . Today is his birthday and tomorrow is mine . When ... HTTPURL
neutral	[ Chicago Sun-Times ] Dealing Quintana could make sense for White Sox HTTPURL #RedSox
neutral	@USER Red Sox may move up to 4th place after tonight . #GoldBottles
positive	" Good driving / singing tunes The Bee Gees , might have to dust the ' best of ' down for some falsetto fun ! HTTPURL "
positive	" Also , Paper Towns was AMAZING . ( @USER making an appearance was the cherry on top & I may or may not have freaked in the theater ) "
neutral	I may even include a rendition of Nicki 's ' death stare ' she shot at Miley last night
neutral	" I do n't normally share personal stuff , BUT , It 's after 11:00 pm , it 's the top of the 9th inning , at the White Sox ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER listened to unforgettable fire last night could n't stop thinking about us in 8th grade ( ? ) w / our U2 concert banner & your mum :(
neutral	The moon rising ( Last Quarter ) last Friday from the top of the Malahat . - Murray Sharratt Photography HTTPURL
positive	" Record crowd at Expo Sep 5 : ( ANSA ) - Milan , September 7 - A single-day record 200,919 visitors flocked to the ... HTTPURL "
positive	Christmas may be over but it 's never too late to buy ya girl some Justin Bieber tickets :) ) )
neutral	" Oh My God what if they unveil that and it 's Kane . This may happen people . ( I realize the statue 's already been seen , but I know how WWE is ) "
neutral	@USER His status remains 2nd last prophet as He came on earth before Muhammad SAW.actuallyAll prophets came with same religion Islam
negative	" If real life was like Amazon , those of you who bought Kobe as the GOAT may also like Justin Bieber , Super skinny jeans and Vaseline "
positive	" We get to keep Curtis , right ? He 's going to be a regular ? He 's going to be in the Arrow Cave soon ? HTTPURL "
neutral	when taylor joined Nicki I just sat there like ...
positive	I 've said all along that Scott Walker 's low-key style does n't set the barn on fire but will win the day . HTTPURL
neutral	Sometimes you listen to Adele on a Sunday night and google Chris Evans .
positive	" See How Karachiates Celebrating " " Eid " " - No water in Liaqatabad No 6 , 3rd day of #Eid #MohajirsWantJustice @USER HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER am i gonna see you in dunkin tomorrow
neutral	News Alarm : Josh Hamilton ( LF - Tex ) Josh Hamilton went 1 - for - 3 with a solo home run and two total RBI during Fri ... HTTPURL
negative	" I fucks with Kendrick , but March Madness deserve to be our national anthem it 's that cold "
neutral	" @USER I did , but nothing happened . I also formatted the PS4 but nothing changed . Tomorrow I 'll go to the shop I bought it . Ty ! :) "
neutral	" When you 've seen beyond yourself , then you may find , peace of mind is waiting there . - George Harrison #quote "
neutral	" In the pines , in the pines , where the sun do n't ever shine , I would shiver the whole night through . - where did you sleep last night - Nirvana "
neutral	Real Madrid tried to get de gea on the cheap like fergie said they are a shower .
negative	If I did n't have training tomorrow id be sick and at the Jason Aldean concert #maybenexttime
neutral	@USER @USER given chances they may take interview of Yakub too ... and play it for days with some voting / competition too ...
neutral	Obama hopeful his reset with Nigeria can boost fight against Boko Haram : President Obama on Monday praised new ... HTTPURL
neutral	I plan on playing in the @USER Pro Series this Friday and Saturday . Anyone else ? Free shot at $ 250 on both XB1 and PS4 !
positive	" Iowa GOP poll results are here , in 3rd place Jeb Bush with 23 % , in 2nd place Donald Trump with 34 % and in 1st place is JOHN CENA "
neutral	HTTPURL Brit model reveals all about threesome with Justin Bieber - The Sun HTTPURL
positive	" Kris Bryant is on fire homering twice , finishing with three RBI and four runs scored in Sunday 's 9-3 win over the Braves . #Cubs #MLB "
positive	@USER @USER @USER May God continue the bless and protect Netanyahu and all of Israel .
negative	@USER ur terrorist is going to be hanged tomorrow Yakub . stop sending terrorist u failed nation ! !
positive	Dark Souls kicked my ASS tonight . Called it an early night . Sent the #Kreygasm raid over to HTTPURL See ya Tomorrow <3 ! ! !
neutral	Check out this article : 5 things you may not know about David Bowie HTTPURL
neutral	" So the 18th will the best weekend , Jason Aldean and @USER @USER @USER @USER #BGBOUND "
positive	Omg Celebrity Big Brother starts tomorrow and X Factor starts Saturday ... my stay-in game is about to get STRONG
positive	Okay for sure going to go watch Southpaw and Paper Towns tomorrow
neutral	Houston just 8-15 in the 2 weeks following each Sharknado release . Sharknado 3 comes out Wed . @USER @USER HTTPURL
positive	" It 's me , is n't it ? Take me to Iron Maiden . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Kris Bryant is all systems go Monday , Kyle Schwarber getting the day off . #Cubs "
negative	" Millions are n't terrorist sympathisers . Some who are " " friends " " of Hamas and the IRA may well be . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Frank Gifford , legendary Monday Night Football sportscaster , has died at the age of 84 . HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER C'mon guys 12 days is not that long when she 's been in Iran for part of the time .
neutral	Final decision about death should be made after the arrest of tiger memon .. may be tiger forced to yakub for doing that ...
positive	" David Bowie : " " Blackstar " " : There is a star in our universe called KIC 8462852 that may or may not be the hub of ... HTTPURL "
negative	" Somebody tweeted " " frank ocean new album " " with a link , my dumb ass clicked on the link & it was a link to lil bow wow 1st album . So fuck you ! "
neutral	Tuesday 's Schedule at Studio 26 . 9:30 am - Todd 5:30 pm - Kim 7:30- 8: 30 pm - Warm Yin Yoga with Lorna We had a ... HTTPURL
neutral	Kudos to Dustin Johnson for finishing with a 69 after starting the day with a quadruple bogey . An 8 on the 1st could 've led to an 80 + easy .
negative	" @USER you are right , Yakub 's mourners may be the supporters of terrorism , they should be under scaner . "
negative	@USER @USER if you do n't know why people hate Tony Blair maybe wonder if you 're in the right party ? Writing for the Sun do n't help
positive	Tomorrow I 'm doing the coolest thing of my life . I 'm going to be in a Taylormade commercial as Dustin Johnson 's playing partner ! ! !
positive	" John Kasich may not subscribe to my political views , or me his , but he very much handles himself with grace and compassion . #Kudos "
neutral	FT : Frosinone 2 AC Milan 4 Milan move 6th in the table while Frosinone 's struggle continue being 18th in the league . #FootballComesHome
neutral	" @USER pagans named each day of the week after one of their gods , e . g . : Thor 's day = Thursday . @USER "
positive	@USER black Friday by Kendrick is love . Thank you
neutral	I got a solo DM with Zayn in July - I missed him in LA in August - He follows me 2 days later - He unRTed my art - My account is gone . Wonderful
neutral	Ronday Rousey says she would beat Floyd Mayweather in ' no-rules ' fight HTTPURL #afmobi #Theguardian
positive	@USER fuck it I 'll buy your Jason aldean ticket if we go tomorrow haha
negative	" Flatmate night in watching Twilight for the 1st time , not sure if Im more shocked that its so misogynistic or that its just such a bad movie "
negative	TFI Friday was good in the 90s because it was new and Chris Evans was young . Someone needs to tell him this is crap and dated .
neutral	" Mariners fall 6-3 to White Sox in 10th in game they led 3-1 into ninth Farquhar takes the loss , Smith the blown save . Another tough pen day . "
neutral	" @USER Briana was introduced to Louis in February , were seen out & about few times in May , pregnancy announced July 14 . "
positive	" @USER #espnnow Tell Dustin Johnson that every day is Thursday until Monday morning , please . "
neutral	Briana may be pregnant but I 'll never believe it 's Louis ' until he looks happy about it lmao
neutral	" We may not like it , but Red Sox ate pitching #BlueJays properly . These inside pitches making them uncomfortable . "
neutral	Need a 4th player still to try out for the team on PS4 . dm me . @USER @USER
positive	" #OTD 23 July : ( only ) in the USA , National Hot Dog Day . "
neutral	" Dont know what tshirt I should wear to the @USER Manchester show tomorrow : nirvana , my chemical romance or the used #toughdecisions "
positive	" So , Kris Bryant 's HR not only may have saved the Cubs season , but may have unofficially led to this Tulo blockbuster . "
positive	" Nigeria 's military said Monday it had " " besieged " " Boko Haram positions in the Islamist militant group 's ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Terry Wogan has pulled out of presenting Children In Need Tomorrow , Chris Evans is on the blower already "
positive	" Song of the Day : Heavy is the Head by Zac Brown Band / Chris Cornell Good morning and happy Tuesday , and Teller ... HTTPURL "
negative	@USER I mean I get the hype around JLaw . I may not like her but I get her hype . I just do n't understand Amy Schumer and her hype
neutral	Gucci variety jivatma reception november boom the doublet yours specific sympathy wedding so as to industrial ...
neutral	" When I hear tale of 2 citiez beat , I think it 's Kendrick Lamars Black Friday ... "
neutral	It 's time . * sacrifies Dean Ambrose to the Outer Gods so @USER ' s soul may find rest . *
positive	Kendrick slayed this n he was n't even in beast mode HTTPURL
neutral	Anderson 's 1st serve goes off in that game but Murray cant take advantage . Anderson now leads 4-1 in the 2nd set #USOpen
neutral	" My music range now is all over the place . My Chemical Romance , Anberlin , Taking Back Sunday , Iron Maiden , Nirvana , Twenty One Pilots + "
positive	@USER bahaha ! Love that idea . You could have a tornado and sun in the tree and Curtis ' face be the star at the top :)
neutral	" Lost one of the GREATS in Frank Gifford . Who can forget those Monday Night Football games with Frank , Dandy Don and Howard . "
positive	" Dear friend , throw the wine . I 'm in love with a friend of mine . Really truly , young and newly wed . ( Paul McCartney " " Dear Friend " " ) "
negative	#Watetezi ( Aug 31 ) Nairobi - Gay son endures year of physical and mental abuse from parents who discovered he is gay .
positive	" Dustin Johnson looks like he really wants to be on the Not Top 10 tomorrow . Any press is good press , good looks "
neutral	so apparently my brother has the same birthday as Chuck Norris 10 of march . LOL
neutral	" Rahul Gandhi say Modi Singapore me aur i khet me , you lived out of India 50 days may be Bangkok , Thailand lost energy gaining now from khets "
neutral	July 19th is National Ice Cream Day therefore there is no judgement on the amount of ice cream I consume within the next 24 hours
neutral	@USER @USER More specifically it tells you that you have an unconscious bias against Muslims and may judge them unfairly .
negative	Half of the 2nd verse in Ed Sheeran 's Photograph completely removed in Bruneian radio . I can't even think of a reason why they did so .
neutral	" BREAKING : Jordan Spieth is human . Also , Dustin Johnson submits formal request to the PGA for Majors to be played from Wednesday to Saturday . "
positive	Great op-ed on millennials hardship vs baby boomer nirvana - Let 's give all the op-ed writers a trophy ! HTTPURL #WoeIsMe
neutral	" Hawks might have had decision made for them . With Kane case going before grand jury , no way he can be in camp on the 17th , IMO . #NHL "
positive	My Monday went pretty well and I am 100 % convinced it 's bc my Dunkin cashier gave me a large when I ordered a medium
positive	On 3rd day of Eid Holidays I am praying that next Eid will be full of happiness for the nation whose prayers would have been heard by then
neutral	why did I just spend the last 30 min rapping my fav Kendrick Lamar songs when I have a 5 page paper due tomorrow ? ?
positive	" @USER @USER Big Brother when on C4 never aired the show on a Saturday night , instead aired live feed on E4 , it worked better "
neutral	" Just heard Skyhooks version of " " Women In Uniform " " for the 1st time . Think the Iron Maiden version is probably still the best . "
positive	" My boy Biebs made the greatest comeback , the bae Big Sean won his 1st vma , Nicki dragged Miley to hell & Kanye SLAYED everyones lives ! #vmas "
neutral	Moulinparikh : SonySIX hello . Will you telecast Floyd Mayweather 's match this Saturday like you did last time ?
positive	Sarah from @USER interviewed Bradley for National Ice Cream Day . Catch the segment Friday 12:00 ch4 to see ... HTTPURL
positive	" FYI , tomorrow = release date for the pumpkinnnn ! ! ! Just called my local Dunkin . Can you say fiend ? ! "
positive	" When Chuck Norris decides to wake , he makes the sun rise . "
neutral	" By Joseph Ax and Steve Ginsburg NEW YORK , Sept 3 ( Reuters ) - Tom Brady triumphed over the National Football League on Thursday when a "
positive	" Fyi , the pumpkinocalypse has begun . Dunkin 's has pumpkin muffins and pumpkin coffee and you bet your ass I 'm getting some tomorrow . "
neutral	When you feel like Zayn is going to follow you soon and end of the day you 're like well maybe tomorrow
positive	" I think Caitlyn Jenner coming out was so important because it may have took a celebrity , but I think being trans will become acceptable when "
negative	The most conclusive argument against the bleeding hearts and why logic does n't hold for them in Yakub 's hanging . HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER wife said " " That 's little Keelan ? " " I said " " yup , tomorrow he will be in his cap and gown ! " " GR8 kid U2 ! "
positive	" Just want to make it known that I 'm gonna go see Janet Jackson in concert in February . You 're jealous , ik . "
neutral	" Whenever I see WWF , I do n't 1st think of World Wildlife Fund for Nature , I think of Hulk Hogan & Andre the Giant . HTTPURL "
negative	I think my yoga teacher hates me cuz on the 1st day I refused to take off my socks and then today he made me do this : HTTPURL
positive	" Paul Dunne with a great quote post round on his thoughts on the 1st tee tomorrow leading the Open ... " " Make contact . " " "
positive	Still I write my songs about the dream of mine .. Worth everything I may ever be #MTVStars Lady Gaga
neutral	Move from Kevin Owens that may have injured John Cena tonight . HTTPURL
positive	Getting @USER pay-per-view tonight for 1st time in long time . @USER will be cool.The Undertaker vs Brock Lesnar ! HTTPURL
neutral	Convinced someone that Ice Cube wrote the song Friday by Rebecca Black hahahaha
neutral	it 's been a month since I met Harry and Niall wow I just realized its the 26th today
neutral	@USER That is fine ... I can wait until tomorrow ... But it really Blows that Randy Orton may lose to Kevin Owens ? Or Randy May Win ...
neutral	Beginning to worry Murray may be stuck on two grand slams for the rest of his career .
negative	It 's September 1st and this is what the White Sox are . It 's sad to think about .
neutral	" See What Cate Blanchett , Rooney Mara and More Wore to the 7th Annual Governors Awards HTTPURL via @USER "
neutral	Prince George turns two tomorrow ! See who made the royal party guest list HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	U2 will play the 3 Arena on November 23/24 / 27 & 28 and play Belfast 18 and 19 November #U2ieTour
positive	Stay away by Nirvana is just the perfect song to listen to tomorrow morning .
negative	sigh i 'm going back to milan tomorrow
neutral	" If Eid falls on a Friday , is it obligatory to pray the Friday prayer ? HTTPURL "
negative	tbh if tomorrow ppl start going after Nicki for what she said im gonna be pissed
negative	" Four Palestinians were killed on Thursday , among them three who Israel said were carrying out attacks on soldiers in the West Bank , as "
neutral	" Because it 's Friday , listen to Ca n't Tell Me Nothing by Kanye West on @USER . HTTPURL "
neutral	Ohio Gov . John Kasich signs up for the South Carolina GOP presidential primary on Feb . 20 . HTTPURL
positive	" Who 's ready for Jason Aldean tomorrow at Klipsch Music Center ? ! * * Follow us , like & tag 3 friends along with ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Floyd Mayweather 's next opponent may confirm a popular theory about his final fight - HTTPURL
positive	Jason Aldean @USER Epic night this past Saturday at the @USER . Thank you Pasadena ! ! ! ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Not so fast ! Taylor Swift may check all of Calvin Harris 's boxes , but the " " Bad Blood " " singer ... HTTPURL #HollywoodDivas "
neutral	" [ WP ] " " May I present to you the 364th episode of Vahalla 's Weekly Wars with our special main event : John Cena v ... HTTPURL "
positive	July 23 is National Hot Dog Day ! BOGO SINGLE ITALIAN HOT DOG when you mention this post ! 7/23 / 15 at Kenilworth only . HTTPURL
positive	@USER Look forward to talking #BB17 Big Brother season and game play with you tonight ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Remember " " Kris Bryant is Cub 's Albert Pujols ? " " In his 1st season Albert OPS + of 157 , 37 HR 130 RBI ( it 's not even close ) #STLCards "
neutral	" #DeadlineDay At the end of the day who lost ? Real Madrid ? David De Gea ? @USER ? May be De Gea , who is gng 2 be on bench at MANU . "
neutral	Carly Fiorina Prevails in Fight Against CNN Debate Rules : The network announced Tuesday that it had amended it ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Beltre leads off the 3rd with a single . One on , no out for Josh Hamilton . "
positive	Dana White says rematch #RouseyVsHolm is on for UFC 200 . It will be at the new Las Vegas arena . I think this could be bigger than May-Pac .
positive	" If Kris Bryant can hit 3 more HRs by the end of the season , he will be the 2nd best rookie in Cubs history behind Kerry Wood if not the best "
neutral	" Phillies have allowed 8 runs to the Red Sox in the 4th . Alec Asher allows 7 runs , Jerome Williams then gives up solo HR "
positive	Dustin Johnson with a snowman (8 ) on the first already .. Hes starting his usual Sunday form early ! ! He loves snowmen and sneachta ! !
negative	BBC news website has absolutely nothing on the Ikea stabbing . Is it because Muslims may be the murderers ?
negative	@USER let 's not consider how awful tomorrow 's commute with the additional Foo Fighters traffic will be #blissfulignorance
negative	" Randy had the match wrapped up , so ... bad Sheamus ! Randy Orton vs . Kevin Owens : Raw , July 27 , 2015 HTTPURL via @USER "
positive	How about some newish Foo Fighters for your Thursday morning ? It 's Songs from the Laundry Room of course ! HTTPURL #newmusic
positive	i was internally screaming when i heard the intro to Fourth Of July in Paper Towns
neutral	@USER The sign is in French - Scott Walker may not understand what it means .
neutral	Carly Fiorina said in an interview Saturday that she and other female candidates for office owe Hillary ... HTTPURL
negative	" All Americans looking jobs , Obama has put illegals , Muslims , released criminals in front of the line . Vets may get attention after illegals "
neutral	" Ultimate teammate : David Price , who left the game in the 8th inning , remains on the #BlueJays bench , still cheering and encouraging teammates "
negative	I want to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow but I can't
negative	" A no no , Kanye announces he 's running for president , and nicki gets crazy with Miley all in the the same night .. It 's Sunday wtf "
negative	If you are new to investing or even new to having your own IRA you may feel at a loss with how to manage ... : I ... HTTPURL
positive	Watching Justin Bieber 's Believe right now with @USER And we 're going to Disneyland tomorrow . Life is good pt . 2
positive	One of many things that Islam has taught me is to look upon charity as something that we all must do every day that the sun rises . Powerful .
positive	" Before it 's too late , happy 2nd bday Prince George . Stay sassy . HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Frank Gifford have died due to a natural causes ( was 74 years ) . If had continued alive , had turned 75 years the day 16th . "
positive	Ok folks ! It 's on ! Football review tomorrow on WPEH . Friday evening is the Davis-McGraw tailgate show . Then Thomson vs JCHS ! Nirvana !
neutral	Going to my first game at Fenway on Tuesday ... Why not a Red Sox hat with Bs colors ? HTTPURL
positive	It 's that kind of a night that you need to listen to U2 while thinking of everything that you need to accomplish tomorrow .
negative	" the question now for america is how low you can go first trump now kanye west , kim will officially be the 1st first lady to have a sex tape "
neutral	" National Herald tainted Rahul Gandhi now discloses Vacations before going AWOL : New Delhi , Dec 27 ( PTI ) Congre ... HTTPURL "
positive	Tomorrow I 'll be in my room watching Lady Gaga videos while the rest of the society watches large men tackle each other and throw balls :)
neutral	@USER he can have 2nd under Gucci HTTPURL
positive	" Unbelievable stuff from Paul Dunne . Hopefully he can repeat it tomorrow , either way it 's an heroic performance . "
neutral	Really do n't know how I am going to wake up at 4 am and work both jobs tomorrow haha :-) ) ) I guess I really will be running on Dunkin
positive	Great day today with family . Now to get ready for Milan on Monday #Christmas #MerryChristmas #blessed #grateful
neutral	" Lloris , Walker , Alderwiereld , Vertonghen , Davies , Mason , Dier , Lamela , Eriksen , Chadli , Kane tomorrow ? Or maybe just unchanged from Stoke "
positive	I just finished reading Paper Towns ! I can't wait to see the movie this wednesday ! @USER
neutral	' Justin Bieber ' appeared on Thursday 24 at the 6th place in the Top 20 of Norway 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
negative	" Children from 1st grade are taught Islam will take over the world so the 12th Imam can rise amid smoke & fire to rule his domain , THE DEVIL ! "
neutral	What 's new in @USER ? 1 . AJ Styles returns and may fued with Seth Rollins for the Title . 2 . The return of Asteroid on JMWE NXT
negative	One of the blokes spent the night in a cell in Israel . @USER is bandwagon jumping and getting it very wrong . HTTPURL
negative	Rumours that Chris Harris may join Chris Evans on Top Gear . They 'll have to make extra wide doors for 2 such fantastically egotistical twats
positive	Congrats Ylianna Guerra for getting 1st runner up in the Miss USA Pageant ! ! HTTPURL
negative	" May We live to see they end of these devils called " " Boko Haram " " and hear what the haters will say . "
neutral	" I may be wrong about what I think happened between Katy Perry and I but that 's based on Katy 's none response to me , To me we shared a moment "
neutral	@USER WOW that is some Real hallucinogenic shit U R smokin ' der MAN ! Careful it may cause U2 kill yourself & not jst fry yur brain
neutral	Josh Hamilton got the mandatory boos when he returned to Angel Stadium Friday . - Daily News
neutral	ReelzChannel 's broadcast of the Miss USA pageant topped Nielsen Twitter TV ratings Sunday night . More : ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Ice Cube came up with " " Bye Felicia " " from the " " Friday " " movie & they put it in the Straight Outta Compton movie ... "
positive	" We saw Ant-man last Saturday - it was very good . Proves that no matter your size , you are still a super hero ! HTTPURL "
negative	I can't do this 3rd day of Eid and I 'm back to work
positive	Cubs game the 26th ? ? Kris Bryant bobble head night ! ? Yes please ! #Cubbies
neutral	" Day two of graphing the Cubs tomorrow . Tough team . Will Kris Bryant or Jon Lester sign ? Find out tomorrow on " " Graphing with CJ . " " #RackCity "
positive	" Honestly , I 'm liking Kendrick 's " " Bad Blood " " verses a lot more now . May be able to elevate the song to being really good to me . "
neutral	@USER : I think Chris Tucker and ICE Cube should really make another FRIDAY ! ! ! > > > I know right
positive	" Wow ! I just won this for free , FRIDAY starring ICE CUBE , CHRIS TUCKER , etc flixster vudu HDX u HTTPURL #listia "
neutral	Rousey rising : A benchwarmer argues against those who call the UFC champ 's ... - Santa Maria Sun HTTPURL #Robot
neutral	" Some kid sat down today and said " " make me look like nirvana " " ... Like which person ? "
neutral	In 22 starts David Price has 149 strikeouts . In his 22nd start Hutchinson just got his 100th strikeout . Hutch has some work to do #BlueJays
positive	" On the bright side , a liveeee episode of naruto comes out tomorrow "
positive	Meet the 16 best social innovators from @USER Social Innovation Tournament on 24 Sept in Milan ! HTTPURL #socinn
positive	i know you beat seth rollins on this sunday ... beacause the real champ is here HTTPURL
positive	" He was like the sun , the flowers and the moon . - Bob Dylan on George Harrison ( It seems that my post has ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Ca n't watch Big Brother tomorrow night because of the Cowboys game , but it 's also playing on ABC . #WTF #BB17 HTTPURL "
positive	ever since i met you in 8th grade i was like ' yo this kid looks like George Harrison ' and we 've been cool since . - @USER ( 3 times )
positive	I see Janet Jackson in concert this Friday . Most of you probably never heard of her . :-) #excited
neutral	" Tom Brady may be considered great but he will always have an * by his name , just like Barry bonds . "
negative	" May I know what is your IQ score ? I just had a bet on who has a better IQ , you or Rahul Gandhi ? HTTPURL "
negative	John Cena needs to be locked up and throw away the key ! He 's just assaulted a guest on Monday Night #RAW
positive	May God bless the people of Israel and keep them safe . HTTPURL
negative	Why no Christians in Saudi Arabia ? Could it be the forced conversions and expulsions in the 7th to 10th centuries ? HTTPURL
neutral	he Charlie Hebdo shooting from January and the situation right now are 2 separate events . get it right .
neutral	" @USER I think what you 're trying to say is , you cant believe it 's the 8th day of Eid . "
neutral	" Probably a sleepless night for 1 Herkimer County boy , who 'll get to celebrate his birthday tomorrow with Jason Aldean HTTPURL "
neutral	The dreamers may die but the dreams live on . - Iron Maiden
neutral	Gucci bags heart resolution april foster the dichotomous yours critter friendly relations undergirding versus ...
neutral	" @USER I know you 've been super busy with Paper Towns movies , why not do an oldschool vlogbrothers Q : Tuesday with peanut-butter face xD "
neutral	I am so behind . Frank Gifford passed away ? @USER though the sorrow may last through the night . His joy comes in the morning .
neutral	@USER By the way 24 Champion s defeated is 2nd most in history ANOTHER stat Floyd Mayweather holds
positive	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL Josh Mathews questions the look AJ gave Kane : Raw June 4 , "
neutral	Shawn and Brooklyn sat next to eachother the whole time and when I sat down they took a selfie
positive	are you ready for this sunday night when wwe champion john cena defends his title ?
neutral	Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of a Prince George man who died in a crash on Sunday ... HTTPURL
positive	I just have a very strong connections with Paper Towns . Probably my 2nd favorite book of all time .
negative	It 's Monday . I 'm wearing a Nirvana t-shirt . I did n't want to be here . Clearly
positive	The Latest : Ireland 's Paul Dunne turns British Open into amateur hour with stunning 3rd round - 7 ... : Ireland ... HTTPURL
negative	Yoga before the sun is up . Hopefully I can get this going everyday . I 'm too much of a night owl for this shit
negative	Carson Smith notched his 4th blown save after giving up two runs in the ninth against the White Sox . This may have a bad ending . #Mariners
negative	Gay dominican man fucks pussy for the 1st time HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	" Kim Kardashian Now Has Her Own Emojis : Taylor Swift may be the most followed person on Instagram , but ... HTTPURL - @USER "
neutral	Im really nervous as i have gotten to the 4th ninja war in Naruto ( the manga ) although i know what happens from watching the anime
neutral	" I Am Cait : Why Caitlyn Jenner 's Low Ratings Are n't All Bad News : Though E ! may have had high hopes for the I Am Cait , which documents ... "
neutral	" Udhampur terror attack : Yakub produced in Patiala House court New Delhi , Aug 17 ( UNI ) Mohammad Naved Yakub , the ... HTTPURL "
positive	I want to go see Kanye West on the 25th ! !
neutral	" @USER ( 2 ) I proved to you that Muslims had attacked us for 400 years before the 1st crusade , meaning you are wrong . Correct ? "
neutral	@USER What do the Mets realistically expect from David Wright the rest of the season once he returns to the lineup Monday ?
neutral	@USER what time is the country thunder ticket giveaway at dunkin donuts tomorrow ?
negative	@USER she may not be ready for Rousey yet .
positive	" @USER The latest player to join the @USER as #14 is David Price , he signed with the Jays on the 30th of July :) Hope that helps ! "
negative	" Chad executed 10 alleged members of Nigeria-based Islamist group , Boko Haram , by firing squad Saturday , a day ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Lol Red Sox just slid through 3rd base #out
positive	omg i may have a chance to still go to the sam smith concert !
neutral	" @USER @USER so , which does n't bode well for her profession ... she may not be going in and teaching IRA lessons but I 'm "
neutral	" @USER I 'm telling you , one of these Brazilians may be lucky enough to put an end to Rousey 's reign . Nunes is an up-and-coming opponent . "
neutral	Caitlyn Jenner - - I Wo n't Answer Questions About the Crash ... For Now HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER be overflowing with Conservative an Christians its one Saturday
neutral	So FIFA and NBA 2K are coming out on the same day and I am also upgrading to a PS4 . September 25 is going to be an expensive day
neutral	Booker T will be addressing the Hulk Hogan controversy this Saturday night on his Heated Conversations podcast .
neutral	* * Iras Thursday Spectacular * * - This Thursday ONLY Ira is offering 25 % off all hair services between the hours of ... HTTPURL
neutral	" New Music Friday : Iron Maiden 's " " Book of Souls " " Limited Edition CD with Hardback Book ! #ironmaiden #LDDelta HTTPURL "
positive	I should dress up as randy Orton tomorrow bc he 's basically a super hero
neutral	" Shawn literally is like : " " show tomorrow ! Tickets on sale right now go get them " " like thanks for the warning ... "
neutral	I think that this #HOH will straddle into the next Big Brother show on Sunday at 8/ 7C on CBS
positive	Well kid 's it 's Friday . So rejoice . Another week is done . The Hell with trump I 'm voting for Amy Schumer .. White house bound @USER
neutral	I come through the drive through at dunkin just about every Sunday and it 's been two weeks since my regular doughnut girl has been there .
neutral	Planning to buy Moto G 3rd gen ? Do n't buy the cheaper one . Here is why : HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	the best part about the Cubs winning is the free coffee at dunkin tomorrow
neutral	Ok maybe I 'll paint my nails tomorrow jk I 'll probably end up doing my Naruto art all day
neutral	Answer Quiz 151 ( NTS ) Zakat is the ( ) pillar of Islam : A . 2 B . 3 C . 4 D . 5 Bl @USER Berry Answer ( C = 4TH )
positive	" It 's very impressive that Frank Gifford , who died Sunday at 84 , remains the leading touchdown scorer in the history of the New York @USER . "
neutral	@USER Picture is from January - after the Charlie Hebdo attack . HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Where 's the " " Moto G ( 3rd gen ): Initial Review & Soup Test " " video ? ! "
negative	" Adamawa to pay prayer warriors N200m to pray against Boko Haram In what may appear strange to many , the Adamawa ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Josh Hamilton may not be having a great year , but he 's consistently delivered in crucial moments . "
positive	I want to have a Friday night like Katy Perry 's song Last Friday Night
positive	Happy National Ice Cream Day ! ! My kind of day ! ! ! Happy Sunday ! ! HTTPURL
positive	En route back to Turin after a perfect day out in Milan . Looking forward to a chilled day tomorrow and the #U2 gig tomorrow night . #U2ieTour
neutral	@USER dustin johnson is a thursday fri player when the weekend comes and he has to handle the pressure he folds up like a lawnchair
neutral	" WATCH : Cate Blanchett on Carol , The Universality of Love , Chemistry with Rooney Mara : Friday , No ... HTTPURL via @USER "
negative	" 14th amendment fiasco , crazy shit about Muslims , now proposing to cancel state visits . Careening all over the place ... "
positive	" If anyone fancies a good giggle , head to a Gay bar on a Bank Holiday Monday to listen to the Hartleys sing karaoke . My jaw hurts . "
positive	" @USER Justin just so You know , i may have been freaken the past few days , it 's just that time of year for me , I 'm OK ! Justin Bieber "
neutral	@USER @USER Throw in children and that may mean close to 5 % of the population added in Muslims / year .. Great times !
positive	In the car on our way to Milton Keynes to see the Foo Fighters tomorrow . #foofighters #miltonkeynes HTTPURL
neutral	" Jacob I 'm going to see Sam Smith tomorrow , wanna come with ? "
neutral	Gucci bags alter certainty january evince the two yours symptomatic present-time relationship for technical ta ...
positive	You may not like Floyd Mayweather as a person but you have got to respect him and understand that he 's one of the greatest of all time
positive	See you on Saturday @USER ! ! 5 days 23 hours 1 minutes 6 seconds until ED SHEERAN IN ATL #countdown HTTPURL
neutral	" Kris Bryant was removed from tonight 's game after fouling a ball off his foot for the 2nd straight night . Cubs say its precautionary , up 7-0 "
neutral	Shit I see Ed Sheeran next Saturday and Niall 's birthday is the day after I 'm about to be so fucked up
neutral	@USER when we make that restaurant the picture of the ruby yacht beating Kendrick shall hang on the with our 1st dollar
neutral	NASA outraging the superstitious theories propagated by Christians . : HTTPURL
neutral	Paper Towns is closing up and its last shows are Thursday August 6th . The dinosaurs are are going extinct again ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Hello ! I want to pass along this post / video on yoga for runners : HTTPURL Your followers may find it helpful !
positive	If your a fan of Alice Cooper / Johnny Depp / Joe Perry or Paul Mccartney may i suggest you to a new super cool ... HTTPURL
neutral	David Wright going yard in his first at bat since April 14 #LGM
positive	" Early Christmas Present , Mage Titans Italia tickets 25 % off until the 25th ! > > HTTPURL See you in Milan ! @USER "
neutral	... You 're going to get a little wet . Cubs 3B Kris Bryant 's 2 - out homer in the bottom of the 9th vs . the Rockies ... HTTPURL
positive	" Dear bros / sis in Islam , ASSALAMU ALAYKUM and May Almighty Allah peace be upon all of you ! . Why Saying ... HTTPURL "
neutral	What 's tomorrow ? that 's right the day my boys Jack and Jack release Calibraska and we 're all gonna die because we 're not ready
neutral	Remember that one time he also sounded like Luke . how does Niall do it ? the world may never know HTTPURL
neutral	" Monday live interview . Scott Walker , John Kasich , and the 2016 Election HTTPURL #Wiunion #Wi #Wipolitics #Wigov #Uniteblue "
positive	But tomorrow is my day off so I 'll be alright ( Kendrick voice )
negative	Somebody tell Katy Perry she does n't look like Elizabeth Taylor . Not today . Not tomorrow . Not after half a day in a make up chair . Stop it .
neutral	Rolling stone watchful eye gratuity seeing that celebrating the octave of april : Wiphbdute
neutral	WWE Superstar Meet & Greet with Randy Orton : $ 150.00 ( 0 Bids ) End Date : Wednesday Sep -2-2015 18:20 ... HTTPURL #wwetickets
positive	" 6-0 . Shelvey stakes a claim , Delph impressive too and Kane back in the goals in some style . Sets Tuesday up very nicely . ML #BO66Y #England "
negative	" Justin Bieber u may have cool music now but I swear to God if you offer me one more piece of unsolicited " " sage " " advice "
neutral	@USER We need a 2nd Str Target-Man too . To lead when Kane is out . Or to play Kane as a #10 with him . I see a deadline day Austin bid .
negative	" Sir John dined from Justin Bieber was closed , burst into the same time - - " " There is too awful whisper , - - " " I may accelerate that "
positive	" Kris Bryant with another walk off home run in the 9th , even as a White Sox fan this is fun too watch .. "
positive	@USER see Ricky Hatton has said in an interview that Floyd Mayweather is the 3rd best of all time
positive	Last night Floyd Mayweather compared Andre Berto to Manny Pacquiao . Yeap it really did happen . Happy Friday everyone ! #Boxing101
negative	@USER I really hope you told people passin by that it 's an experiment otherwise this video may 've spread some negativity bout Islam
positive	@USER Ahhh ill be watching Sharknado tomorrow Wish I could see it now ! =: D
negative	Iran Says New U . S . Visa Rule May Violate Nuclear Pact - now it 's starting to make sense . HTTPURL
positive	" @USER its not the 1st time religion is manipulated , in this case Islam . Raif spoke out against the establishment , he 's a hero . #FreeRaif "
positive	David Wright returns to Citi Field ! His first AB at home since April 14th will be with 1 on and 2 out !
neutral	" @USER nirvana , any time someone says the season winter out loud , the " " may I offer you an egg in this trying time " " quote , dead girl wal "
neutral	" . @USER So since Thor 's name is in Thursday , is Thor what Thursdays are all about ? #atheist "
neutral	Official : The first derby of the season between Real Madrid & Atletico Madrid will be played on October 4 . #HalaMadridYNadaMas
positive	@USER you pretty much know post 18th Sept I 'll be glued to PS4 playing all the DA : I DLC ;) - comics today I think
positive	@USER @USER Wish all the best n Rahul gandhi may try good luck for UP CM with sure success
positive	@USER happy 18th birthday Niall ! ! Have the best day ! Are you coming out Thursday ? xx
negative	" your war / bombing zones , lets loose psychopaths on the world , some of whom may attack you back . Look at the IRA - it started out not that bad "
positive	Wayward driver puts Johnson off the PGA pace The horn may have been a welcome sound for Dustin Johnson . HTTPURL
neutral	Incredible time at the Ed Sheeran concert on Saturday night in Dallas ! @USER Toyota Park Frisco HTTPURL
negative	It may be gloomy today but that does n't stop National Hot Dog Day to be placed on hold ! Stop by the Leasing Office to enjoy some franks !
positive	" Top 5 MC 's right now gotta be Kendrick , Cole , Rocky , Big Sean , and an unfilled 5th spot . Knights on the Mic . "
negative	" A coworker just said , " " Muslims should just leave the country . Nobody invited them here anyways . " " as I sat maybe 10 feet away from her . "
neutral	" @USER @USER sure as the 2nd tier for lack of a better word along with Iron Maiden 80-84 era , 80 ' s Megadeth "
positive	Congratulations @USER ! You won two Ed Sheeran tix for the Sept 5th show in Dallas ! Come to A113 to claim your prize ! #MultiplyClarkpub
negative	Paul Dunne with a birdie putt on the 12th hole and just misses it . Very unlucky . Stays in a share of the lead at - 11 with Spieth #TheOpen
neutral	" Just wondering , does anyone know if Sun Yang been hanging out with Floyd Mayweather ? "
negative	Dang and Patrick Kane too ... Jay Cutler and Kris Bryant should lock themselves in a panic room when not on the field HTTPURL
negative	" @USER I agree Ace , it was pretty bad and what I saw on PS4 was much better . I do n't have one so I may just go to something else ! "
neutral	" @USER @USER your damn straight your guessing Derek , I may be a Naruto fanboy but I 'm also the reincarnation of brad Pitt "
neutral	" #NaijaurbanSports Super Eagles head coach , Sunday Oliseh , has urged Nigerians not to expect an the team to be an ... HTTPURL "
positive	Congrats to Disney for managing to keep ANT-MAN as the # 1 movie for a 2nd weekend with a paltry $ 24.7 million take . #BoxOffice
negative	This goes right up there with Rolling Stone putting a terrorist on the cover . Pathetic . HTTPURL
neutral	" Kanye west said all these things I 've been saying " " as long you dont do shit for yourself they will use you , theirs 1st " " "
neutral	Sam Smith confirmed for new Bond theme . What rhymes with Spectre though ? Hectare ? Deck chair at a push HTTPURL
positive	Friday afternoon trip to the mega liquor store is about as close to nirvana as a 30 - something guy can get
neutral	" Floyd Mayweather announces Andre Berto fight : American set to retire after September 12 bout , the last of a si ... HTTPURL "
positive	" National hot dog day , national tequila day , then national dance day ... Sounds like a Friday night . "
neutral	" Corpse Party Blood Drive may be coming to PS4 , apparently it has a trophy list HTTPURL "
positive	@USER Now you got me on the hunt for tickets event in Houston in Oct ! Learn that Rousey arm bar ! She needs a good challenger :)
positive	I found out David Bowie is coming out with a new album this January . Let 's see if I 'm gonna be the only young person who cares again .
positive	#BlueJays going for the franchise 12 straight wins tomorrow . David Price pitching against the #Yankees . That 'll be an unbelievable game .
positive	Carly Fiorina may have a spot on the CNN debate : HTTPURL
neutral	its july 63rd and all i want is for frank ocean to release boys dont cry
neutral	" @USER plenty of " " Muslims " " I have met around the globe may carry " " Muslim names " " .. but they r stauch atheists .. religion is not a race ! "
neutral	Have you saved up enough money to buy WaKe Up World Tour tickets ? and see The Vamps ? NOVEMBER 7 - - - save the date ! HTTPURL
neutral	@USER This is regarding your concern engaged with Ira . May I know if you can use it via Facebook app ?
positive	July 4th is Independence day . And the day Chuck Norris was born . Coincidence ? I think not .
neutral	Roman Reigns and Dean Ambrose vs Bray Wyatt and Luke Harper RT : if you wanna see it monday on #RAW FAV : if you wanna see it at #SummerSlam
positive	Another awesome Wed night @USER @USER this time with the man who killed Chuck Norris #TheWayOfTheDragon HTTPURL
positive	" @USER @USER : As woman , Islam prevents me frm raining abusive words . @USER may Allah guides you to right path "
negative	@USER Citizens are confused on Yakub undoubtedly he is a traitor and 2nd is he is traitor turned informer ... let RAW win .
positive	" 20 Women Elected in Saudi Arabia as Females Vote for the First Time : In a landmark election on Saturday , 20 wo ... HTTPURL "
positive	It 's sweet tooth Sunday ! National Ice Cream Day is July 19th ! Top your favorite dessert with a scoop ! #Indulge HTTPURL
positive	A touch of class from the R & A putting Paul Dunne out in the last two ball tomorrow . What a day ahead for him . Everything crossed . #gogetem
neutral	@USER @USER @USER Maybe because Muslims say Denmark will be 1st European Muslim country . They want the world .
neutral	Manturov : Russia and Iran may begin the payments in national currencies HTTPURL #news #Russia
neutral	@USER Bom may not be the best main vocalist but she does not have the worst voice in Kpop . Ppl need to stop over exaggerating
negative	briana 's cousin is literally that 6th grade girl who just found out her that her laptop has a webcam HTTPURL
positive	We met @USER at our 1st Eat to the Beat event at @USER & love her cover of Bad Blood by @USER #FF HTTPURL
neutral	" Hulk Hogan Uses N-Word In Sex Tape , Gets Fired From WWE : Well the WWE gave Hulk Hogan the boot on Friday after ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Shawn will perform at Best Buy Theater on the 8th of September along with his Island Records family . #IslandLifeNYC HTTPURL
positive	Seasons Greetings ! .. it 's is here Christmas ... we mean ... Star Wars Day ! May the Force be with you ! HTTPURL
positive	#Offline Goodnight my Sharknado followers love you all back tomorrow remember #AprilLives
positive	" There are so many Foo Fighters songs I 'd love to see live , but I think February Stars is the one I 'd like to see the most "
neutral	Anderson takes a toilet break . He 's up 2 sets but does n't really have the momentum . Murray finished 2nd set stronger .
positive	" Thor is the man , this guy may have single handidly just turned this around with that first pitch "
neutral	my mom tomorrow : why are you so tired me : [ flashbacks to watching chris evans interviews all night ] me : uh
positive	Star Wars Day is Tomorrow ! The Doors open to the Quaker Theater at 10:30 am ! The movie starts at 11:00 am - The cost is $ 10 for the whole day !
negative	" The mayor of Venice wants to ban a gay pride march , and already bans books in school about gay issues apparently . HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER Would have been semis mate . Mind you do n't think i 'd be too surprised if they are in Milan in May now . #watchthisspace
negative	" @USER I 'm seeing Ant-Man tomorrow . If it has an ant called Antony , and that ant dies , if this is a spoiler , I will be so mad at you . "
neutral	Why is everything happening on September 24th I have 2 exams and it might be Eid and now this HTTPURL
neutral	Read my opinion ab Tony Blair 's apology published in the friday HTTPURL . HTTPURL
neutral	i 've just sat and listened to sam smith 's album i 'm emo
positive	" Rousey firing back at May . Ha , love it . "
negative	Janice Dean sums up bitter Donald Trump 's shot at Carly Fiorina with simple snark-tastic hashtag HTTPURL
negative	" So Watchman is an earlier draft of Mockingbird ? ? People have been had in getting excited for this . C'mon public , you 're better than this . "
positive	" Kanye West , in accepting his Video Vanguard award at the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards Sunday , questioned the very ... HTTPURL "
positive	" May the auspicious occasion of Eid , bless you with peace and bring joy to your heart and home . best regards Hamayoon Amanzai "
negative	About to go shopping again tomorrow bc the dress I got for Jason Aldean is not cute :-) forever 21 mirrors lie
neutral	I really hope Brock Lesnar just destroys The Undertaker Sunday
neutral	" Prince George ( and the entire Cambridge family ! ) featured on new cover of @USER , dated August 24 & on sale today . HTTPURL "
negative	Bitch Sakura tryna tell my nigga the 5th bout how she want the D . But my nigga Naruto graduated . HE AINT GOT TIME FOR YA GAMES BITCH .
negative	" i 'm tweeting this for the 2nd time , nicki needs to realize that people do n't buy her music NOT BECAUSE SHE ISN'T " " SKINNY AND WHITE " " + "
neutral	Would n't it be an irony if Yakub 's hanging goes ahead as planned tomorrow coinciding with Kalam 's funeral ? Just asking ! @USER
neutral	" @USER When the 4th goes back to Thor - Copp - Petan it 'll hit exactly my pre-season " " best on paper " " .. well .. based on locked Stu + Thor . "
neutral	[ chris Evans is the presenter of TFI Friday and they 're being sarcastic in case you do n't get British humour ]
neutral	" @USER Entitled because you would be the 1st female President ? BS ! Carly Fiorina does n't lie , has more brains ; and no funny mouth ! ! "
negative	" Hulk Hogan may have made those racist comments , but when he was in wrestlemania , that was my shit ! WHAT YOU GONNA DO BROTHER ! ? ! ? " " "
neutral	Imagine if this was clashing with tomorrow 's Celebrity Big Brother launch though . I 'd be so torn .
neutral	Wednesday 's Classes 9:15 AM - Yoga with Annalisa 6:15 PM - Fit 4 Life with Orson 7:15 PM - Spinning with Arthur ... HTTPURL
neutral	" David Bowie may be the only rock star to wear a wristwatch on stage Chet Flippo , on the ' 83 tour "
positive	@USER : Boko Haram will soon know the ' strength of our collective will ' In Sha Allah . May God guide the new Service Chiefs ! . Amin
neutral	I feel bad for Niall girls because Niall hooked up with a girl and gave her his number and 7th row tickets for their concert ... stay strong
neutral	Scott Walker defends Ted Cruz after Boehner ' jackass ' comment : They may be running against each other in the R ... HTTPURL
positive	" Save the date , August 23 2015 , #SummerSlam main event , The Undertaker Vs . Brock Lesnar .. Gonna be EPIC .. #WWE "
neutral	" Paul Dunne at - 12 , very possible that he 'll be tied for the lead heading into tomorrow . "
negative	This very well may be the first season of Big Brother ever that I do n't finish . And I 've watched since season one #bb17
positive	I can't wait until tomorrow for all the Memes about Kanye West running for President ! #VMAs
neutral	Gucci bags superego good hope january flaunt the dual yours entelechy ultra-ultra fanning out versus argumentu ...
neutral	It could be possible cause I remember Orochimaru being a female In the 2nd chunin exam in Naruto He has 2 sex organs HTTPURL
positive	" Buy and watch Just dance on @USER & stream it on @USER , it 's very close to be her 3rd Diamond single ! #MTVBestOf2015 Lady Gaga "
neutral	Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker stumbled through a question Friday about whether he would meet with representatives of the Black Lives Matter
positive	My cuz is currently listenin 2 Ed Sheeran at Fusion Festival from the comfort of her garden.Found my retreat if it rains when I 'm there Sun
negative	In the face of stupid atheists ... and haters of Islam ... Do read this HTTPURL regarding marriage ...
positive	So @USER comes on #Rangers Insider and tells the listeners Josh Hamilton looked great in BP and then he hits a bomb in his 1st AB .. Genius !
positive	" Put it in the books ! Big games for The Captain , Thor , and Granderson . Let 's got Matz tomorrow ! #LGM "
negative	The Red Sox have completely fallen apart here in the 10th
neutral	" A random homeless guy was married you , Justin Bieber may perhaps at this pointed invitation was not in nature . "
positive	" I like that there 's no messing around in Sharknado , just action . You do n't even have to wait 10 mins for the 1st sharky sequence ! #OhHellNo "
neutral	" Our new video : " " Flash CyanogenMod 12.1 On Moto G 1st Generation 2013 ! " " Watch it at ... HTTPURL "
neutral	dunkin gets pumpkin spice tomorrow so if you need me I 'll be there getting an iced coffee the size of my head
neutral	" Free Intro to Yoga with Jude , Saturday , September 12 , 1-2 pm . "
neutral	" Paul McCartney will perform @USER Lollapalooza in Grant Park in Chicago , starting today through Sunday . With the GOP ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Performing at the Red Sox game tomorrow and all I can think about is if I have enough time to do homework
neutral	Ted suggests that Thor 's bitie skillz may have been genetic . Mariel tells Ted he needs a tetanus shot . #BadMoon
negative	Both dope songs but Kendrick has a message Future just goin dumb on auto tune HTTPURL
negative	Amy Schumer sat down with The Hollywood Reporter and opened up about the sexist remarks and unnecessary criticism she 's faced since
positive	" Amazing ! ! 10,000 people in attendance at the Religious Freedom Rally at the KY State Capitol ! May we stand as Christians for America ! ! "
negative	" Oh how I love the irony of Muslims , it 's a concept they just can't quite grasp ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Kane may have bitten off more the he can chew
positive	Tonight we 're seeing Lee Bryce and they 're already trying to get me to go with them to Zac Brown Band on Saturday
neutral	@USER Hey ! The release for Ps4 and Xbox One is the 1st and the PC release will be at the 17th ! 1/2
neutral	" Kim Kardashian : Star Wars Brought Me & Kanye West Together ! : As you may have have heard , Star Wars : The Forc ... HTTPURL "
positive	This Friday ! You do n't want to miss this high energy and unique set of Iron Maiden and Judas Priest ! HTTPURL
negative	Just shut-up already ... ur just talking to make news tomorrow ... what a fool ! ! ! Kanye West ... #bro #VMAs2015
positive	@USER @USER I hope you saw this Rolling Stone article . It 's amazing ! ! See u in Baltimore Sat ! HTTPURL
negative	It is scary that Kris Bryant is the 4th best hitter on the cubs ..
neutral	if the song with jack and jack ft . alli simpson is on Calibraska I may have to brace myself and not download the EP
neutral	Still waiting for the day I wake up to Zayn still being in the band and realising everything after March 25th was just a dream
positive	My condolences to the Amazing family of Frank Gifford ... may the Holy Spirit comfort you with the knowledge that he 's in heaven already !
neutral	I know it 's only Tuesday but has anyone got a link to the Hulk Hogan sex tape ?
neutral	If u have a Real Madrid jersey wear it tomorrow
neutral	" WASHINGTON - - Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker ( R ) unveiled his health care plan on Tuesday , & #160 ;p romising to do on day one of his presidency "
negative	@USER * I sat in my cell after my little chat with Odin . I was to sit and rot while Thor ruled Asgard . How disgusted I felt . I heard ~
neutral	@USER #AprilLives @USER what 's the point in Sharknado without April ? She makes the movie .
neutral	@USER I may have gone to an Australian Bee Gees Tribute Show because of the Barry Gibb Talk Show ...
positive	It 's #Friday and time for the #freakinweekend #fridayvibes #music Janet Jackson - Got Til It 's Gone ( Dr . MaD Remix ) HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Open Registration Class for KPOP and HipHop Dance with @USER Every Thursday 6pm ( hiphop ) ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Josh Hamilton 's go-ahead RBI in the 11th , opened up the floodgates , as 7 more runs were scored . Texas #Rangers won 11-3 over #Mariners . #MLB "
positive	Here 's a screenshot of Tommy 's 1st conversation with Big Brother inside the confession room ! #PBBTommy @USER HTTPURL
neutral	" Moto G ( 3rd Gen ) launched with 13MP camera , 4G support for Rs 11,999 exclusively via Flipkart Read More : ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Lady Gaga with Brian May , Elton John , KISS , Paul McCartney , The Rolling Stones , Sting , U2 , Bruce Springsteen & more ! HTTPURL "
negative	Scott Walker pretends that building a wall on the Canadian border to keep out terrorists is a serious idea . HTTPURL
positive	" Tomorrow , David Price takes the mound . That is nice . "
positive	" Tuesday 's off are the BEST cause I get to catch up on Big Brother , Bachelor in Paradise , and SYTYCD . #YAS "
positive	" On the bright side , I get to watch Big Brother with Trevor tomorrow . "
positive	" Ant-Man was high on my list to see , but did n't get the chance until Tues night . It was such a fun movie ! Ant-man v Falcon ... classic ! "
neutral	Caitlyn Jenner & Josh Duggar are trending ... c'mon twitter @USER you 're better than this ! #disgustingtrends
neutral	" Since acquiring David Price on July 30 , the Blue Jays are 19-4 and have scored 138 runs - - exactly 6 per game . #NESNStatsAndInfo "
positive	I 'm enjoying ' U2 - Sunday Bloody Sunday ' on the Classic Rock channel at @USER HTTPURL
positive	@USER Brock Lesnar may be the Beast but @USER @USER & @USER are pretty sexy beasts too
positive	Many blessings lately : & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; Got out to the theater last Saturday to see Ant-Man . Not only HTTPURL
neutral	" Otis , Curtis & Marvin will put you in an interesting place on Friday . "
neutral	ok lame but i want to have a Niall birthday party on Sunday
neutral	" Super Eagles led by its coach , Sunday Oliseh is playing Taifa Stars of Tanzania at the National Stadium in Dar ... HTTPURL "
neutral	They waiting on Kendrick like the 1st and the 15th
neutral	" Coldplay , One Republic , Maroon 5 , Sam Smith , Ed Sheeran , Oasis , Owl City , Simple Plan , The Fray , Muse , Snow Patrol , Empire of the Sun .. "
neutral	" This Sunday Live on Concert : Alisah , Guji , Janice , Jessica , Moira , Stan & Thor ! At the opening of #HelloKittyCafe HTTPURL "
neutral	Rousey 's need for speed : NASCAR drivers may know a little something about a need for speed . ESPN even ... HTTPURL #NASCAR
neutral	Kanye West created a sexual Mario video game in the 7th grade . The ghosts were replaced by floating vaginas . #funfact
negative	" How is it all over already . Ramadan , Eid and Ali 's wedding all over . Back to work tomorrow , back to normal :( "
neutral	Kinda upset I 'm gunna miss the @USER fight Saturday .. But Kenney Chesney and Jason Aldean should be a blast !
neutral	" Kris Bryant singles into left field for his 3rd hit of the night . 3-3 , 2 RBI (8 2 ) . #Cubs "
positive	" @USER @USER In Tel Aviv in June - on a Shabbat afternoon , Muslims , Jews , Christians ... all together , enjoying the sun "
negative	Miley was a child actor . I 'm sure most of the net worth is from the Hannah Montana days . C'mon now . Do n't play Nicki . HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER He was even booed at the protest march of ex serviceman for OROP.They even said Rahul Gandhi wapas jao.Besharam .
neutral	Join me for Wonder on the Creative Quest at @USER Ashram Yoga Retreat this November . HTTPURL
negative	still so sad I 'm not going to Ed Sheeran the 25th :/ / /
negative	I 'd play that Iron Maiden video game but it looks like it may contain some offensive damsel in distress tropes
positive	" Rahul Gandhi is a ppl 's leader . ModiMafia may try as hard , they will not be able defeat him simply becuz ppl 's voice just can not be curbed . "
neutral	" Lester goes 8 and 2/3 strong , gives up a run in 9th . Kris Bryant hits a walk off to win , Lester does n't get the W . Heartbreaking for owners ! "
negative	Scott Walker brags he treated teachers as harshly as he 'll treat ISIS . Now he 's trying to destroy #Wisconsin farmers HTTPURL
positive	" National Hot Dog Day is tomorrow ! Sonic is doing " " Dollar " " hot dogs ... the 6 inch size ... all day tomorrow . I ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Almost Friday , which means it 's almost Jason Aldean time ! @USER #3years "
neutral	Quite interesting how #Fiorentina is in 2nd and down the table is the likes of Juve and Milan .
neutral	BBC Music - 10 musical reasons to thank Chris Evans it 's Friday HTTPURL
negative	" Too bad its purpose was to demonize #PlannedParenthood and Muslims , making it a sort of reverse MLK march HTTPURL "
neutral	Trump paid $ 200 to hear Adams speak about Irish peace process less than 4 months before huge IRA bomb on 9 Feb 1996 HTTPURL
neutral	Milan to beat Sampdoria on Thursday 6-0 then everyone act like we are fixed just to draw against Frosinnone to head back to crisis mode .
neutral	Let 's play ' how much liquor can Briana get her hands on at the family party before anyone notices ' tomorrow .
neutral	#BREAKING @USER confirms Ireland will be closed Monday * as Paul Dunne aims to enrage the Crown with @USER win . * PUBS WILL BE OPEN
neutral	WWE announced on their Twitter account that Randy Orton would be facing Sheamus this Sunday at the Battleground PPV #WWE2K16 #Raw
neutral	Anyone want Ed Sheeran tickets / / September 9th / / section 112 ?
negative	S . O . S I left my Naruto game at home and at my grandpas till Monday I wo n't make it help
neutral	Saudi Arabia Said to Weigh Selling Stakes in State-Run Entities : World leaders may have vowed to wean the worl ... HTTPURL
neutral	Thinkin about wearing my one direction nirvana shirt ( courtesy of @USER ) tomorrow but also I dont want to be made fun of just yet
neutral	Paul Dunne may only get a silver medal if he wins #TheOpen today but one suspects he wo n't need to worry about money for a while if he does .
positive	National Ice Cream Day Arrives on July 19 with These Shops Giving Out Free Ice Cream HTTPURL
positive	" I 've been listening to J Cole 's and Kendrick 's Black Friday . I mean even if it is n't a collaborative project , let the niggas drop some fire . "
neutral	" 5SOS is not the " " new " " MCR or the " " new " " Nirvana . They may have been inspired by said bands , but they will never be them . They are simply 5SOS "
negative	Ahm this does not excuse Muslims killing millions all over the world though . Do n't get excited HTTPURL
positive	Chuck Norris wears sun glasses to protect the sun from his eyes .
positive	David Wright really showed up in the 7th inning of the @USER win today . Had the go-ahead RBI and a crucial run scored . Easy guy to root for .
neutral	@USER Help ! Should I trade Gore for Murray ? I have Gore ( I drafted him 4th round ) but was offered Murray ( went in the 1st round ) .
neutral	Floyd Mayweather 's fight against Andre Berto in Las Vegas on September 12 will be the last of his career . #PlanetSports @USER
neutral	Buddy you need help so when is your uncle frank ocean releasing cause hahani Adele is going to take over HTTPURL
positive	" Now that there 's several 2D showings of ANT-MAN a day , maybe I 'll actually see it ... like tomorrow . "
negative	I hate Jon for making me watch the Kurt Cobain documentary because I 'll end up listening to Nirvana all day tomorrow .
positive	Not sure if I should keep going or just go home and get ready ... FOR THIS SUNDAY NIGHT WITH JOHN CENA AT WWE SUUUUUPERSLAM
neutral	CWS @USER : White Sox plate five runs in the 8th inning : HTTPURL
neutral	" someone sat down and wrote this chorus . i 'm fed up . " " We are the new Americana High on legal marijuana Raised on Biggie and Nirvana " " "
neutral	Star Wars Day at O2 Centre : Join us from 10am tomorrow for storytelling with Princess Leia at @USER HTTPURL
negative	Ralphie May has got to be the laziest fucking comedian of my life .. making jokes about vaginas . IT'S ONLY FUNNY WHEN AMY SCHUMER DOES THAT ! !
positive	And on my 18th birthday we got matching tattoos Used to steal your parents ' liquor and climb to the roof #MTVHottest Katy Perry
negative	" @USER Does israel , uk , france , china , pakistan , have nukes ? Has the usa used them ? weed one 's own garden 1st . HTTPURL "
positive	" Paul Dunne ( A ) did an amazing job in today 's Open . Well done @USER and good luck for tomorrow . We know you are Irish - now , @USER "
neutral	Ok this is 100 % not Louis but the 3rd pic does kinda look like Briana I guess idk gotta Zayn HTTPURL
neutral	Irish amateur Paul Dunne is one of three players leading The Open before the final round on Monday at St Andrews .
positive	" I 've heard MCR , Green Day & the Foo Fighters coming out of the dish room today . Fingers crossed , I get the same playlist tomorrow ! heeeee "
negative	Cole clearly said him and Kendrick are n't doing anything . So whatever he 's dropping in February is n't what you think .
neutral	" Rocky 1st sets tone as Santiago , Angels fall to Price : HTTPURL - - David Price shut down the Angel ... HTTPURL "
neutral	So much for coming from behind being better for Dustin Johnson . He 's done and he has n't gotten to the 1st green yet .
neutral	" @USER Sir , If you looked in the mirror 1st thing in morning and saw Rahul Gandhi , what will be your first thought ? #AskAnupamAnything "
neutral	Get your tickets to see Amy Schumer when she performs at BB & T Center this Saturday HTTPURL . Or ... HTTPURL
neutral	Still have 2 extra GA tickets to Ed Sheeran in Dallas on the 5th ! Someone please buy them ..
positive	Calibraska literally comes out tomorrow and I 'm really excited to hear shallow love bc it was so good at sots
neutral	Interesting ! A state in Nigeria may use prayer warriors to fight Boko Haram . Does it mean that Christians ... HTTPURL
negative	@USER my cousin says everything he needs to know about Islam he learned on September 11th
positive	Nothing like a bit of Iron Maiden to get you going on a Monday morning
neutral	George Osborne has been a believer in the living wage for two years - argues @USER HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	" Iron Maiden - Run to the Hills ( Rock in Rio ) HTTPURL via @USER Since I 'm having a quiet , peaceful Sunday - why not this 1 "
positive	" I may not be old enough to get blown up fighting a war for Saudi Arabia but no worries , I can salute the Blue Angels at the football stadium "
positive	When was the last time we 've had a subpar Monday Night #Raw ? Tonight looks to be no different ! Seth Rollins is gold .
neutral	Man if this guy could just do this on a Sunday . Dustin Johnson can just obliterate a golf course when he 's on . Better make it 8000 yards .
neutral	Foo Fighters often cover Under Pressure at shows . Saturday did it with Roger Taylor & John Paul Jones joining them - HTTPURL
neutral	" Yanks crush Sox with 3 HRs , 8 - run 2nd inning : Associated PressBoston Red Sox right fielder Jackie Bradley Jr . ... HTTPURL "
positive	Montana News and our viewers support and pray for Israel and it 's people and leaders . May God protect them . HTTPURL
neutral	" What does & apos ; Bye , Felicia & apos ; mean ? Ice Cube explains the & apos ; Friday & apos ; phrase HTTPURL via @USER "
neutral	@USER I want the Gucci trainers by tomorrow .
positive	" RIP Frank Gifford . Growing up in the ' 80 , watching him on Monday Night Football . He was an NFL institution . "
positive	" So .. finally saw @USER in Ant-Man , I thin i may have zoned out starin at her tho cuz i remember nothing the guy said except " " yes " " "
neutral	" Real Madrid get better of De Gea saga , Barca goalies also under pressure : While transfer deadline day may have ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER is Thor 's TIPI at the Xmas market outside M and S - get them moving ( think it serves beer so they may run )
neutral	Hey its monday come watch the White Sox take on the Red Sox $ 2.50 Miller Lite Drafts $ 4 Svedka Cocktails and 1/2 ... HTTPURL
positive	" Chris Evans , reborn Top Gear get May 8 UK debut : The Clarkson , Hammond , and May-less new version of the BBC 's ... HTTPURL "
positive	My Friday has started well . The Chargers beat the Cowboys and the first song from the new Iron Maiden album is now online . Winning !
positive	" Naruto is like crack . I keep saying saying one more episode , until " " Oh look , the sun . " " #NARUTO "
positive	Can it be tomorrow already so I can see Ed Sheeran .
positive	" At the VMAs , Kanye West Enlivens A Show Built Around Old Narratives TIME - 8 hours ago HTTPURL "
neutral	Dr . Roseen will be in H3 tomorrow at 12:30 p presenting about Yoga for Back Disorders . Do n't miss it ! HTTPURL
neutral	Big Show will face Brock Lesnar at MSG on October 3rd . Starting the rumour right here . Who thinks this will be Big Show 's retirement match ?
neutral	" @USER @USER yea , but on the other hand , why was Briana attending the London concerts hangin out with his fam in September ? :-) "
neutral	picking up Tom Brady in the 7th round was a steal
positive	My favourite Beatles song has to be Here comes the sun by the Brilliant George Harrison . The number one Beatle in my opinion . #Beatles
positive	" I can't even remotely believe that I 'm going to see Sam Smith in person , with my own two eyes , this Friday . "
positive	" Tonight , September 3rd , Stop by for your chance to win : 2 - Tickets to see JASON ALDEAN , September 10th , on the ... HTTPURL "
positive	" ' Floyd Mayweather to face Berto on 12 September . ' Good luck , Bert . Is that why you 've been on the 2:5 diet ? "
negative	Wednesday episodes of Big Brother are so boring now that there are no more Battle of the Block competitions .
neutral	" Putin will keep it nice and safe , may even load it up in some of the missiles that it may sell back to Iran . #satire HTTPURL "
positive	Join Thousands of Christians and people of good will September 1 2015 for the World Day of Prayer for God 's Creation HTTPURL
positive	@USER Is it true that IRON MAIDEN is touring in Guatemala on March 5 2016 ? ? ?
positive	I remember in the 6th grade Dylan and I could sing every word to Kanye West 's Heartless
positive	" Sunday On National Ice Cream Day the @USER Hops got licked . Today , anniversary of Moon Landing @USER launched a walk off HR "
neutral	" I added a video to a @USER playlist HTTPURL Fitness Tips with Ashleigh McIvor & Kendrick - December 7 , 2015 Squat "
neutral	" @USER it 's not about Jesus for us . " " Thursday " " is named after Thor ... do you acknowledge Thor on Thursdays ? "
positive	" Sam Smith had twice the reason to celebrate on Tuesday , picking up Best Solo Artist honours at the GQ Men Of The ... HTTPURL "
positive	George Harrison - Here comes the Sun HTTPURL Happy Winter Solstice for all those in the Northern Hemisphere obvs !
positive	in my dream last night Zayn came and sat down next to me at one direction 's concert and I like gave him dirty looks the whole time
neutral	I liked a @USER video HTTPURL Question Tuesday with Cara Delevingne of Paper Towns
neutral	A little bit of rain was n't enough to dampen the spirits of Amy Schumer and her sister Kim Caramele on Tuesday .
neutral	dont even wanna believe that frank ocean 's album will drop tomorrow . cant get my hopes up just to get my feelings hurt
negative	Because Tony Blair not just responsible for the death of 1m Iraqis ... #warcriminal #Iraq @USER HTTPURL
neutral	I need some people to go to Jason Aldean with next Friday !
neutral	Each of Yakub 's family member will file mercy petitions at the gap of 13 days each . HTTPURL
neutral	" Had been wantin 2 c Black Friday since the whole Yakub controversy . Saw it aftr 10 years . Whoevr says Yakub shudnt hv been hung , shud c dis . "
neutral	Io9 does n't even get to hold the new David Bowie music video ? ! C'mon Gawker !
neutral	Monday stressing you out ? Try these calming yoga moves HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	" Real Madrid clever play paper work in late , Navas stays and the get De Gea for next to nothing in the January window nice new year present . "
neutral	" @USER Get him straight in the number 10 tomorrow night what you think ? Son to Kane , Kane with the rabona pass to Son , Goal 2-0 Tot "
neutral	" My dad is going to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow in concert , I do n't try to understand my parents anymore "
positive	" In the history of Tae Kwon Do , Chuck Norris was the first person from the West to be ranked a 8th Degree Black Belt Grand Master . "
positive	#FF a great person @USER Making plans to march in the Labor Day Parade with Scott Walker but the Secret Service wo n't say where .
neutral	NL Rookie of the Year race is still wide open . Kris Bryant 10 for his last 76 . Joc hitting . 175 since June 5 . Sleeper is Giants ' Matt Duffy .
neutral	Imagine an alternate universe where Stephenie Meyer got really into BL and the 4th Twilight book ended with Edward and Jacob making out .
neutral	EU reform : George Osborne visits Paris for two-day talks 27 July 2015 From the section UK Politics The chancellor ... HTTPURL
negative	So John Kerry said this today and Saturday I asked why no outrage over the Charlie Hebdo terrorist attack : they deserved it ?
neutral	Straight Outta Compton the movie has to include a deleted scene of Ice Cube spittin the 1st verse on the song Straight Outta Compton on dvd
neutral	Ice cube son can play Craig in the next Friday coming out
neutral	" European bourses rally : Milan , September 8 - European bourses rallied strongly Tuesday with the Euro Stoxx ind ... HTTPURL "
neutral	My predictions for the BB100 tomorrow 1 . ) CFMF 2 . ) DMD 3 . ) Cheerleader 4 . ) Watch me 5 . ) Lean On 6 . ) Bad Blood 7 . ) See You Again 8 . ) My Way +
neutral	" NFL disses Tom Brady on social media ? : On Sunday night , the NFL 's official Twitter account posted a photo abou ... HTTPURL "
negative	Floyd Mayweather in a nutshell : You may kick my ass but im richer so im still better than you HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER ... Your dab may be diff than @USER , ' cause you 're a Thor kind player ... HTTPURL "
negative	@USER 3rd : Bad Blood won video of the year and she took all the women in the video up w her and said stupid shit
positive	Assuming Murray pulls it out here all 4 matches on Monday will be very intriguing .
negative	why is the sun out ? ? ? where is frank ocean ? ? ? why do I have no plans for tonight ? ? ?
negative	A need to be in Edinburgh / Murry Park in the next hour to start the set up for Foo Fighters tomorrow but am still in bed so that wo n't happen
positive	" @USER @USER agreed , especially Friday night ! I love Zac Brown Band and it will be the first time I see them live (: "
neutral	" Professor : " " read 8 chapters by Friday " " Me : @USER Nicki I hope you know I 'm doing this for you "
positive	So we 're on the road to the 2nd biggest show of the year and RAW just ended with Cesaro standing tall with RANDY ORTON AND JOHN CENA .
negative	George Osborne claims that #JeremyCorbyn is a threat to national security ... because he opposes #Trident renewal HTTPURL
neutral	@USER May sweeps is close to 6 months . I do n't think she should be punished though . Let her have Curtis or Lucky at least .
negative	" do n't see why old women move away when I sat down , dw dearies I ain't on it to steal your handbag or infect you with gay "
negative	" My wife hates when I watch the sunset listening to U2 . But I 'm not the only one , staring at the sun . "
positive	I 'll see Hozier live on September 21st and Sam Smith on the 22nd #LifeIsGood
positive	this is a big deal ! everyone make sure to Shazam when you hear it ! #MTVStars The Vamps HTTPURL
neutral	Rogan just cried infront of Rousey ? c'mon Joe
positive	" @USER to be honest , I 'd let Murray run it every time , even on 4th and 35 , than let Trey throw . "
positive	Sharing a bed way Niall on a Sunday morning being told of the pish I spoke last night
negative	" Regarding his Twitter , Hulk Hogan is not doing himself any favors by saying anything w / o running it through a good p . r . team and lawyer 1st . "
negative	@USER @USER Add on the mobile website too . I 've completely lost access to my dunkin cards . So much for a run tomorrow :(
neutral	" Interesting ... Lollapalooza 2015 Friday Recap : The Weeknd Grooves , Paul McCartney Plays the Hits ... With ... : ... HTTPURL "
negative	@USER maybe that 's a weird 1st message to ever send you aside from ( nicee ) on your drawings but that is a lot of gay
negative	We are closed for the day due to the storm see you tomorrow am at 9:20 on WJXT Channel 4 - National Hot Dog Day .
neutral	Follow the top Kim Kardashian stories for Dec 11 on our topical page : HTTPURL
neutral	Tough loss tonight to the Orioles 10-2 to break the winning streak . David Price is taking the mound tomorrow afternoon . 1:07 game time !
neutral	" August 21st is such an emotional day forme , drive was put onSpotify , dmd videoreleased , Christians cover and I might be going to url tonight "
neutral	Yoga 6:30 Weights 7:30 Conditioning 3:30 What sacrifices will you be making to improve yourself tomorrow ? #no excuses
neutral	Remember how Zayn left the band on my 18th birthday :/ #5monthswithoutzayn
neutral	" Go Set a Watchman on shelves Tuesday , some already upset with sequel : HTTPURL ( PHOTO : HarperCollins ) HTTPURL "
neutral	My heart felt condolences go out to the Gifford family and friends of a great NFL player and icon of Monday night football Frank Gifford RIP
neutral	Interesting how Theresa May is in hiding but George Osborne is now the voice of hard right HTTPURL next step : PM-ship bid #UK
neutral	Maybe you 've heard of the two heavenly bodies we know as the Sun and the Moon . They 're actually Chuck Norris ' Testicles .
negative	Frank was the anchorman . I have already missed Frank Gifford for a long time . I feel more sorrow about it now . HTTPURL
neutral	" LONDON ( AP ) " " Prince George celebrates his second birthday on Wednesday and while he 's just a toddler , he 's al ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Randy Orton vs Seth Rollins for the wwe world heavy weight championship now on wwe monday night raw 8/ 10/2015
positive	" Kick off Sunday with #LILMIX ! From Lady Gaga to The Strokes , give it a spin ! HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	do n't be sad when the sun goes down ! #MTVStars Lady Gaga
positive	" To Kill a Mockingbird may be the better-written work , but Go Set a Watchman is the more mature book HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER by referring & listening & asking questions to Dr Zakir Naik Sb.It may helps you to wash away your misconceptions about Islam .
neutral	@USER catching up on Sharknado tonight . Ready for tomorrow
neutral	All this is just banter . Wait and see when Real Madrid announce the transfer at noon tomorrow .
neutral	Who 's down to go to vegas for the Rousey vs . Holm fight in january ?
positive	" NEWS : New video by David Bowie tomorrow on TV : A few weeks ago when we wrote the news , a lot of fans we ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Tune in today between 6am - 7pm for the Jason Aldean Double Play Thursday for a chance to win tickets to the show ... HTTPURL
positive	" Since Sunday is National Ice Cream Day , we wanted to give you the scoop on some of our favorite places near our resort destinations : ... "
neutral	@USER my best friends and I are going to milan this friday to monday because you were going and now we have to go .. be there .. please
neutral	" Oliseh shops for players in London : SUPER Eagles coach , Sunday Okechukwu Oliseh has started shopping for the n ... HTTPURL "
positive	It 's a 3rd day of Eid . We are blessed with nice weather and owsum feeling of freshness . Alhamdulillah
negative	. @USER @USER Prez has weakened us ; taken down missile shield ( 1st thing ! ); shut NASA ; flooded us with Muslims ; enemy 2 Israel .
neutral	Picture day tomorrow something that different hope milan dont go off
positive	Wow ! Kris Bryant ! #mlb A double Wow at Matt Harvey ! Sac up ! You may never be in the playoffs again #smh #cubs #Mets
neutral	" @USER @USER " " I did n't go round slagging off Tony Blair " " - KL but he did with Gordon Brown : HTTPURL "
positive	" In post-debate Rasmussen poll , Carly Fiorina breaks top 10 , while Huckabee would 've landed in the early debate . HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER @USER I 'm away at Write Around the Murray this weekend , but free next Monday ( 14th ) and the Thursday after that . "
positive	What chaos between Brock Lesnar and Undertaker on Monday night Raw loved it can't wait for SummerSlam HTTPURL
neutral	If One of the jacks follow me today ... Tomorrow I will go outside blasting CALIBRASKA anywhere I go #CalibraskaEP
neutral	Ben Carson just now on Fox : Christians deserve more 1st Amendment protection than other faiths because US was founded on Judeo-Xtian values .
neutral	wearing a nirvana shirt for the first time since 9th grade
neutral	Frank Ocean it is July 69th my nigga where yo album at ? Do we even get a single ? ? ?
neutral	" UFC has done it again , stacked their deck to the gills , & unfortunately Robbie Lawler is the 1st to have to bow out . UFC 193 gets Rousey . "
neutral	" @USER You may be interested in my memoir , Oy Vey , My Daughter 's Gay - would love you to read / review / share it HTTPURL "
neutral	" Ice Cube sits at laptop , typing . CUBE : You got knocked the fuck out , haha ! CUBE'S WIFE : How is Friday coming along ? "
neutral	@USER hi ! are you interested in buying Ed Sheeran tickets for tomorrow night ?
negative	For I 've always hated slavery since the day that I was born ... and we 're off to join the IRA and we 're off tomorrow morn ...
neutral	" Dustin Johnson wants the chance to " " get it done " " on Sunday at the USPGA Championship [ Getty ] HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" Dana White to Holly Holm : Ronda Rousey is your next opponent HTTPURL knows the time is n't now , meaning July . Common Sense "
neutral	" Booo , Murray gets broke early in the 2nd set . It 's not as if he 's playing bad , Anderson is playing exceptional tennis here . #USOpen "
neutral	" - @USER @USER @USER still the talk is world class . Dinho was still world class then . 2nd season at Milan , seems you forget so soon "
negative	@USER Boko Haram fighters slit the throats of 10 fishermen in Africa on Thursday ; no mention from you . Jericho OK though so happy days
positive	" Red Sox game tonight , Steelers game tomorrow then Pitt game at Akron Saturday . Safe to say I 'm going to be broke but having fun . "
neutral	@USER Yakub may have been sent back by ISI with Bag full of evidence with the help of some double agents in RAW
neutral	David Wright has now played more games at third base than any other player in the history of MLB in New York . HTTPURL
neutral	Kris Bryant is like 8th in the NL in RBIs as a rookie & missed what ? near a month at start of season to ensure future contract status ! ? ! ?
neutral	How has Islam raised the most distinguished scientists and intellectuals throughout several centuries ? HTTPURL #Boris #sun
positive	@USER Wow Kovacic and Witsel in January ? Can see Milan the Scudetto winners already .
neutral	" I may lose conservative followers for my beliefs about supporting Gay marriage , but my values are more important to me than follow count . "
neutral	John Kasich 's Gay Marriage Response May Have Been the Moment of the Night | 57 HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	@USER May Allah azwajal bless . you and your generations past and future .. Would n't you agree Islam is a religion of thinkers ?
negative	" @USER You say anything that may offend Muslims , you better watch out . You could be suspended , fired , or prosecuted . "
neutral	" Cabrera singled to center , Beckham scored . White Sox trail the Red Sox 4-3 in the bottom of the 7th "
negative	" Sigh , Hulk Hogan is in the news again for the wrong reasons . HTTPURL "
positive	I 'll set my DVR to record the encore so I can watch Nicki 's performance tomorrow .
neutral	may i just ... chris evans
neutral	" Trump on Carly Fiorina attacking him : " " I can't say anything ' cause she 's a woman . " " ( Yes , this is now how I 'm spending my Friday night . ) "
positive	" May Allah give victory to the Muslims over the oppression of the zionists , raafidha , khawarij , crusaders ! ameeen ! "
positive	" Chuck Norris was born on may 6th 1945 , the nazis surrendered may 7th 1945 . Coincidence ? I do n't think so ! "
positive	ice cube song today was good day wel mon only thing we know souix wak hunk terres nel kota can dia gila
positive	Here 's the scoop : Sunday is National Ice Cream Day HTTPURL via @USER I love the free ice cream for dogs !
neutral	@USER wins 28-10 over @USER 1st win of the season . Next Fri . at home vs . Prince George . HTTPURL
neutral	" Got a couple of tickets for Foo Fighters tomorrow - selling at face value , give me a shout if you want them "
positive	Just really want Dunkin tomorrow
neutral	" Brock Lesnar vs Pop-Pop . This Sunday , only on the #WWENetwork ! #RAW "
neutral	" #MLBFantasy David Wright , playing in his first game since April 14 , homered as the Mets trampled the Phillies on Monday . "
negative	@USER Fiona is 3rd generation IRA . Very dangerous and highly trained . Even Jimmy knew he was outmatched . Gemma was smart to be scared
neutral	#Fantasy Recommendation by @USER : Jackie #Bradley Jr . While the Red Sox season may b ... HTTPURL #Alarm
positive	A very young Dobber had the privilege of watching Frank Gifford providing commentary on Monday Night Football . Much respect #RIPFrankGifford
neutral	Late Night Funny # 1 : Ohio Governor John Kasich became the 16th Republican to announce that he is running for p ... HTTPURL
neutral	When the song on Paper Towns is n't the Fourth Of July track and your just so confused BC they sound exactly the same .
positive	Been blasting Justin bieber all day to hint to my mother she still has time to go online and buy me tickets to unwrap tomorrow morning ...
neutral	I feel like Shawn is gonna tell us him and Camila are dating tomorrow when he 's on Kelly and Michael ...
positive	" Im sitting in my car listening to Frank Ocean , thinking about what could have been in life . How 's your Monday ? "
neutral	@USER hi ! Is it still possible to purchase Sam Smith Nov 21 concert tickets ? What are the prices ? :) thanks !
neutral	Can we just talk about this Black Friday freestyle from Kendrick Lamar and J . Cole who had the harder freestyle ?
positive	Happy sabbath day to Christians all over the world from tomorrow Saturday to Sunday
positive	" Replaying WWE July 13 . If i was J & J securities , i would never try to mess with Brock Lesnar . He 's cool . Omg "
neutral	ive just discovered that there are people who dont like david bowie . may god have mercy on our souls .
neutral	Chuck Norris saves lives by not going to 3rd world countries .
positive	Listening to Paul McCartney ; got a major need to see him in concert again ! Might pull out the concert DVDs tomorrow
positive	" @USER RT : " " @USER " " tomorrow never dies " " ( 5SOS ) but also in love with " " aftertaste " " from Shawn " " HTTPURL "
neutral	Will John Cena tie Ric Flair tonight by winning his 16th world title ? #SummerSlam
neutral	@USER I 'm finishing sophomore year in curtis but I 'm moving too jersey Saturday well tmr i get the keys and everything
negative	@USER Hell it may be their idea to flood Europe with Muslims and then the take over begins world wide towel head dominance
neutral	" Maybe Dustin Johnson ( - 7 ) prefers the Final Round of the Open tomorrow , Sundays have not been his best days ; ( + 3 ) on a day where many were - "
positive	@USER @USER @USER Are you guys aware that tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day ? The irony of it all !
negative	Hey Christians ! Why are you so silent about Kim Davis you may be next . We have an out of control Govt that needs to reigned in .
neutral	" @USER As a new Catholic to #LatinMass Prayin for all British Patriots , that they understand the Church was the 1st to fight Islam . "
neutral	It 'd be nice if this woman from Sirius gets back to me about KPOP & U . I sent her a follow-up email Monday & it 's almost the end of the week .
neutral	* sends bae video of drake looking at nicki like she the sun * why u dont look at me like that
positive	Carly Fiorina now in 2nd place in a GOP poll in Michigan ... she 'll be ahead of Trump in a few weeks . HTTPURL
positive	1st day of #Lolla - amazing . Paul McCartney floored me . Not sure any moment in my life will match Let it Be live . HTTPURL
positive	@USER May be Chris knows that Zayn is gonna be the bigger star than him .. :)
neutral	Dustin Johnson 's scorecard is ridiculous . Starts with a snowman on the 1st hole . Since then hes added 2 eagles and 4 birdies
positive	" Just saw live scores amazing effort from Dustin Johnson to be back in 1st place , not surprising Tiger with a 75 "
neutral	" @USER let 's not toss the term around . IS , IRA , organised bastards with an ongoing agenda . Which may be the case here but we do n't know "
negative	@USER and you think the sun shines of out Tony Blair 's ass ... you are no better than a paid shill
neutral	" This Friday evening is brought to you by the strains of Eric Clapton . Well played , ipod . Sucking up to me after playing U2 yesterday "
neutral	It did n't take long for Dustin Johnson to have his Sunday meltdown at the PGA : HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	" All the GOP candatidates are eligable for prison . 1 dropped out , Chris will when he goes 2 prison.Scott Walker gone . HTTPURL "
neutral	GAME wo n't be delivering my PS4 until Tuesday apparently . Four day weekend and it 's delivered when I 'm back at work . Great .
negative	David L . Bunning has begun the Fed 's jihad against Christians by throwing Kim Davis into prison . May he burn in Hell forever .
neutral	That 's how you handle a beef lil ass nigg . - Nicki to Meek after she sat down from receiving the award .
positive	" Today is National Hot Dog day but to me it 's so much more . It 's a combo of Hanukkah , Christmas , my birthday ( Sept . 1 ) , and even 4th of July "
positive	Ladies & Gentleman it 's time for Monday night raw ! And we start it off with the Beast incarnate Brock Lesnar #Raw #Brocklesnar
neutral	" Nice call , what else do you got ? ( Clint Barton : Well , Thor 's taking on a squadron down on 6th . ) And he did n't invite me . "
positive	" One of @USER stars of the night should be David Wright ! First game back since April 14th , hits an homerun , scored 3 runs ! #SC3stars "
neutral	" @USER So , how did you feel about Big Brother last Thursday ? Who do you hope wins HOH tonight ? "
neutral	" Paul Dunne will make bogey on the 2nd . Tough start for the amateur , but after a boat of provisionals , could be worse ... #TheOpen2015 "
neutral	" @USER @USER not the 1st time ... thr are 2billion kpop fans worldwide , Queens may be small , kpop is n't HTTPURL "
positive	National Ice Cream Day is this Sunday . Be prepared to stay healthy with this delicious 3 - ingredient recipe . HTTPURL
neutral	" Would anyone wanna go with Shawn and I to Renn Faire Sunday , September 20 ? ? "
neutral	" Rand , Sunday morning is not the time for Sean Paul and Nirvana . "
neutral	" Band on the Run [ LP ] by Paul McCartney ( Vinyl , Oct - 2008 , Capitol Records USA ) HTTPURL HTTPURL "
negative	" All the millions Real Madrid have got , still can't buy a decent PC . Smh . #DeadlineDay HTTPURL "
neutral	Someone come visit me in Lubbock and see Jason Aldean on the 25th lol
positive	#nowplaying the no . 1 hit of Janet Jackson - Escapade from March 3 till March 17 at the #Billboard top 100 | @USER
neutral	@USER @USER let 's not forget that the original point of this discussion was bc Shawn believed the 2nd amendment to be ...
neutral	@USER @USER come on lads get to work or your leader the IRA lover will be toast by Friday we must ALL tweet to save him
neutral	" Inter v Lazio , Inter Club 's big day out : MILAN - The league leaders are in action on Sunday 20 December . Manci ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Monday night RAW opens up with Paul Heyman and Brock Lesnar in the ring and Paul calling for a rematch . Live ... HTTPURL
positive	David Bowie 's new 10 - minute epic just released from his new album out in January . Middle bit is vintage weird Bowie . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER I would be very surprised if a publisher skipped the Xbox One due to PS4 selling more copies of 3rd party titles .
neutral	Start off #LaborDay with some yoga . Monday 9/7 / 2015 : 10:00 am - 11:15 am - Beginner / Intermediate Yoga What a ... HTTPURL
positive	Who said pe teachers cant like Justin Bieber ! ! See you in October ! HTTPURL
neutral	Just said that ! ! On the frank Gifford tribute HTTPURL
neutral	PSA I am stealing Shawn tomorrow night . He will be returned in the morning of Sunday . Thank you .
neutral	" WWE Raw Preview ( 31 August Taping ): Sting , John Cena to be in the Spotlight HTTPURL "
neutral	Jason Aaron certainly has a thing for nihilistic annihilators ... 1st Thor 's Gorr the God Butcher & now Dr Strange 's magic killing Empirikul .
neutral	@USER @USER @USER Gay marriage is here today but do n't think for a moment it can't disappear tomorrow .
neutral	@USER @USER may be that 's the reason Charlie Hebdo was attacked in first place
neutral	" On this day in September 3 , 2012 ~ #RAW : John Cena vs . Alberto Del Rio HTTPURL "
neutral	" Delaware Junction #Festival with Jason Aldean , Florida Georgia Line , and More on August 1 ... $ 169.00 HTTPURL #BaltimoreDeals "
neutral	@USER tomorrow is a new day tho so it 's Gucci
neutral	" Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh has said he expects some surprises tomorrow from the Taifa Stars of Tanzania , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Depends what she said though , Nicki may have had a reason to start ! Have you seen the video ? "
positive	Thank GOD we do n't have to wait ' til 7 pm tomorrow for the next one . David Price tomorrow GOAT
negative	" @USER I am not , think over it & watch the video , nothing but Bible says so it is right . May be good for Christians but it is #fallacy "
negative	" YOU can not stop YAHWEH ELOHIM BUSINESS . YAHWEH ELOHIM HAS BESTOWED HIS Powers ON Janet Jackson and it 's SEALED IN YAHWE " " S 9th SEAL . "
neutral	@USER way did sheamus in Monday night raw wanted to cash in the money in the bank after he did a big boot to Seth Rollins ?
neutral	A feud with John Cena may be enough to make me interested in Seth Rollins again . There has to be some irony in there .
positive	Hey Steve . Texas may have signed Beltre and Toronto signed David Price . But that left Cespedes for the rest of us ! ! Happy Festaviss New york
negative	China is Wisconsins 3rd largest export market at $ 1.5 Billion and moron Scott Walker is kicking the gift horse in the mouth . Just careless !
neutral	[ Real Estate ] Saudi Arabia to reveal 2016 budget on Monday : Three ministers & the chief exec of the kingdom 's ... HTTPURL
neutral	Narry shippers want Niall and Harry dead HTTPURL
neutral	" LOL Kole Calhoun bat flip down 6 to David Price in the 8th . Wear the next one * , punk . ( * not really ) "
negative	Niall faced serious bullying problems as a kid . He got suspended in the 3rd grade for swinging when somebody called him ugly
positive	Well done to Justin Bieber - Love Yourself is the Ultimate UK Chart No1 for a 4th week . Can he hold onto the top ... HTTPURL
positive	" Arsenal fc & 4th position in the EPL , a better love story than Twilight & Titanic ! "
neutral	Dustin Johnson at the top of the leaderboard ! Dammit I guess that means it 's only Thursday ! ! ! #nottheweekend #PGA
neutral	" I just heard that Frank Gifford , NFL Hall-of-fame , ABC Monday Night Football , father & husband has died . Prayers & thoughts 4 his family "
neutral	" I do n't blame Lee , though . If I understand it correctly , Watchman is basically the messy 1st draft to the masterpiece that is Mockingbird . "
neutral	" - - Thor stood behind Jane , holding her . ] " " Alright , you may look . " " [ They stood on the beach with a view on the Ocean . - - [ @USER ] "
positive	" ok I am Chris Evans but not that one so need to win as not got his cash , make me smile ! HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Will you be watching Sharknado 3 tomorrow when it premieres , or do you have to work ? "
positive	Eid holidays are about to complete and usual routine to begin from Wednesday ! had great time meeting w / relatives & friends . stay blessed .
positive	Imm make that Katy Perry snap for my niggas tomorrow
neutral	Looks like yakub will be going on a date with his 72 wives tomorrow . #HangYakubNow
neutral	#Mets 3B David Wright went 1 for 3 with a walk in his first rehab start since going on the DL in April with a ... HTTPURL
neutral	Nigeria says it has captured a Boko Haram commander & freed 178 hostages ; not clear if they include some Chibok girls HTTPURL
positive	" 805 pm tonite , 1st time on PTV , I 'm on air with U2 & Bruce Springsteen . answering #Sophie 's q 's about going from doctor to rockstar.Tune in ! "
positive	Akon will be in Prince George Sept 20/2015 . @USER the Civic Centre I 'm going for that . tickets on sale Friday .
negative	" Niggers , Spics , Muslims and any other shit race I may have missed you gotta go one way or another . "
negative	@USER @USER No she was not robbed . She will NEVER beat Rousey and Nobody is interested in watching her lose for the 3rd time
neutral	Did you know that @USER is airing Miss USA tomorrow ? Here 's why : HTTPURL
neutral	You may have attributed this to the wrong Tom Brady . HTTPURL
neutral	Anyone need a ticket for Sunday the 13th ' s White Sox game ? ? ? Potential K-Zone game . $ 15 if interested .
neutral	My cousins going to see Sam Smith tomorrow :( I 'm jealous
neutral	M : I 5 was ... ok . Nowhere near as awesome the 4th was . Glad I did n't spend $ 11 at the theater for it . I would rather watch Ant-Man again .
positive	" I first tweeted this in April or May , but John Kasich can win the GOP Primary . "
neutral	Until Dawn worth the buy ? Going to pick up my PS4 tomorrow
positive	Chris Evans says goodbye to TFI Friday as he moves into Top Gear for new motoring show HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	In other news why the hell is tomorrow National Hot Dog Day ... I do n't even like hot dogs like that
neutral	Gotta buy that Rolling Stone this Friday so I can read about Dre n'em
neutral	I hope Jon Stewart cuts a heel promo tomorrow night calling John Cena the Arby 's of wrestling .
neutral	Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh will trim down the number of home based players in camp before the arrival of ... HTTPURL
positive	" * sappy moment * Ca n't wait to see videos tomorrow from tonight 's gig , and see Niall the boys helping him jklasdfg k night #OTRAMontreal "
negative	@USER I 'll be glad to see Peter Robinson resign he will be remember as one of the traitors who has sat in govt with the IRA ...
neutral	and they do n't care about the finer points that may get in way of their tirades . Reactions to that Charlie Hebdo thing were esp instructive
positive	I can already tell Calibraska is going to be worth the 7th month wait for music Jack and Jack have come so far I 'm so excited #CalibraskaEP
positive	" Everyone is at different levels but you will always find something , even the tiniest thing in Islam that a family member who may not be "
neutral	Highkey considering going to the Justin Bieber concert in May #DontJudgeMe
positive	Thursday is National Hot Dog Day ! JE will be serving hot dogs to our staff & raising $ for United Way of Manatee ! How are you celebrating ?
neutral	" @USER ... but ... " " What is the evidence that Yakub is a terrorist " " neutral journos may ask HTTPURL "
neutral	Murray gets a warning for racquet abuse then proceeds to give his racquet to someone in the crowd . Anderson breaks back for * 2-3 in the 3rd .
neutral	Just watched Rousey 's enterance from Saturday again she blinked once while on cam . Did n't blink at all once she saw Bethe ... scary focus
neutral	@USER all I 'm thinking about is how zayn left on March 25TH rip
negative	Uncharted 4 delayed until april 26 fuck ... now i debating getting it at launch since Dark Souls 3 is coming out april 12th
positive	Well done H its good to see you score again . like to see Kane and Son team up Hint Hint ! keep going HTTPURL
positive	@USER I hope next eid will be better than this one for u ... prayers for ur mom and grandmom .. may Allah bless them and give you peace ..
neutral	" Once again , Dustin Johnson ( - 6 ) is a leader in the clubhouse after his 1st rd of a major . Whistling Straits was made for his game #PGAChamp "
neutral	If you were n't busy trying to have a go at kpop fans you may be winning
neutral	#RoleModelJinnah he might have emerged as da sole spokesperson of Muslims later in his life but early on he wanted 2 be 3rd class magistrate
positive	But I 'm even more stoked about seeing Gary Clark Jr and Paul McCartney tomorrow
neutral	" I may be one of those people who will loath John Cena the wrestler , but I will always respect John Cena the man . #MakeAwish "
neutral	Paul McCartney spotted going out with Nancy 1 Sept 2015 via John Fernandini HTTPURL
neutral	" Roman Reigns says he can one-up Dean Ambrose : Raw , Feb . 17 , 2014 HTTPURL via @USER "
positive	" Kyle Seager hits hit 20th HR of the season ! It 's a 2 - run bomb . Mariners lead the White Sox , 2-0 in the 1st . "
positive	" Charlie Wilson , Kendrick Lamar , Charlie Puth . Glad I made plans with everyone who worked with them that I would see them in Feb . God blesses "
neutral	I may have to change my mind about musicals : David Bowie to write songs for SpongeBob Squarepants musical HTTPURL
positive	Finally got around to see Ant-Man and absolutely loved it . Nice way to cap off an eventful Saturday .
neutral	" I know it 's tough 4 us to comprehend the #refugeecrisis , but as Christians we must try . Start with watching videos HTTPURL "
neutral	Scott Walker touts $ 4.7 billion in tax cuts . Is he right ? HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER it is requested that pukhtun custom related to Islam are the base of Afghanistan which may kindly not to be ignored , "
neutral	Zayn and Justin are both working in the studio . What if they 're planning a secret collab ? The world may never know ! Stay tuned . . .
neutral	AHEAD TO MILAN-VERONA : GAME NR . 31 AT THE SAN SIRO : MILAN - The game between Milan and Verona on Sunday at the ... HTTPURL
neutral	Why a single trip to Israel may just transform you ... | travel HTTPURL
positive	In the words of Chris Evans . T F I Friday ... #WeAreCARTERS & tonight we party . FREE ENTRY * | FREE SHOTS
positive	Tomorrow night I 'll be at Citi Field with the Zac Brown Band . Anyone want to hook up a meet and greet for your ... HTTPURL
positive	Parent Program celebrating NAIDOC & Eid with some painting and morning tea ! Lots of variety every Friday morning . HTTPURL
negative	Hulk Hogan has a better chance of rejoining WWE than me watching it again if Lesnar defeats Taker tomorrow #Summerslam
neutral	#RT Scott Walker Is n't Thrilling The Home-State Crowd : Gov . Scott Walker may lead the R ... HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" Eid was on Sat . & #BajrangiBhaijaan is Salman Khan 's Film with No-Action , Good WOM . Only Monday ( if not low ) & Tuesday BOC can make things clear "
positive	@USER @USER however conflicted I may feel about Watchman 's publication this is a hella great upside to it .
neutral	@USER are you going over auntie nicki 's tomorrow ?
negative	" You may be familiar w / John Kasich ... Or not . Probably not . If you 're not from Ohio , then not . #GOPDebate "
neutral	Years ago when i saw the 1st episodes of Naruto it was clear to me that the main character would get together with the girl he loves . - PE
neutral	my brother 's going to be as old as niall tomorrow then after 10 days nialls going to be older again its nonsense i just wanted to mention it
positive	" Thursday July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day ! What a better way than having one " " All the Way ? " " HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER hey bc watching gc if Dustin Johnson had won a few of those majors , he would be no worse then 3rd in rankings , he 's solid "
neutral	" After all the hype from every @USER analyst on the planet , Cactus League legend / pre-ROY Kris Bryant only the 3rd best rookie on his team . "
neutral	" @USER His numbers are deceiving , but it is his first year . He has some David Price similarities , but he may not pan out . "
neutral	" Ha . It may not say it on the case but starting up MGSV , Kojima 's name is on the PS4 ' s game start-up image . "
positive	Oh wow ... So now we may have Seth Rollins vs . Sting for the WWE Championship title ? #WWE #RAW #SmackDown
neutral	" @USER may be I wanted to but thinking to die is not permissible in Islam so now I do n't , as said life is just a test "
negative	A Gay marriage license will never legitimize sin You may get the marriage penalty & pay higher taxes but B4 God you R still living in sin
positive	" Happy Wednesday ! NBA players prefer the Beard , Urban gets a commit , OSU / Michigan brawl , Sharknado 3 & Game Show Wednesday ! See you at 3 ! "
neutral	" @USER Schengen Area allows Belgian blk mkt weapons to leave on Tues & be in Milan on Wednesday , or cocaine in Spain in Paris same day "
neutral	@USER the world was actually on my side and the sun was shining and i got gucci photos thx world
negative	@USER @USER This may open the door for persecution of Christians .
positive	Today is about to become our new favorite holiday . It 's official : July 19th is National Ice Cream Day ! We found ... HTTPURL
neutral	Matz needs to come out firing like Thor tomorrow first pitch in the same place #Mets #MetsTwitter #MLB
neutral	" Trayce Thompson continued tearing the cover off the ball Tuesday , going 3 - for - 4 with three RBI as the White Sox edged the Red Sox 5-4 . "
negative	@USER what the difference was ? George Osborne WAS NOT AN MP AT THE TIME let alone someone who sat in the HOUSE OF LORDS
positive	" I want to see Brock Lesnar F - 5 David Cameron this November . Whaddaya think , @USER ? "
positive	Margo from Paper Towns . Fascinated by how she just lives d life she wants . I 'm like Q but I want to be like Margo . HTTPURL
positive	Friday tunes ! ! ! Best band in the world is Iron Maiden =P #PS4share HTTPURL
neutral	@USER ok big diff lmao my parents were boaters they did n't know a lot abt Islam when they came . My oldest sis wore it in 1st
positive	" @USER I want Justin Bieber tickets , my birthday is May 18 and he 's coming may 10 and 11 to Boston "
positive	" i dont know if this match is live btwn Anderson & Murray , but Murray take the 3rd set ... he 's kinda frustrated but still ... Go Andy ! ! ! #USOpen "
positive	Doom Robeen . @USER Have you seen these wonderful Katy Perry images ? You may want to check : HTTPURL
positive	" David Wright 's " " SAFE ! " " celebration while still sliding is going to be the cover of at least one of the NYC sports sections tomorrow . "
positive	#NowPlaying Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday It 's the best av heard from #Lamar
negative	National Ice Cream day on Sunday and now it 's National Hot Dog Day ? Is the calendar trying to kill me ? ? ?
neutral	Christian deserve the same 1st Amendment rights that Islam and atheists get . We live our faith as they live their beliefs . No compulsion .
neutral	I am sad to learn of the death of Frank Gifford . You made Monday Night Football what it is today . Giants nation mourns ur loss . God Bless .
neutral	For the fist time in Milan #Photo #Exhibition of Vivian Maier at @USER Via Mervagli 5 until Jan 31st HTTPURL
neutral	Boy ... Kenryn just asked me if Nicki goin march in a second line ... lmaoo
negative	if it turns out tomorrow that ddg is actually a real madrid player i 'm deleting myself off the internet
neutral	" @USER Lolla will be my 14th time seeing you , but I feel like I 'm cheating on you by leaving early to see Paul McCartney . #forgiveme "
neutral	" Tifosi , save the date : on September 3rd #Kimi7 will visit the new @USER in Milan ! HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	Tom Brady is going off on Thursday .
neutral	" sat and watched he lesner and reigns wrestleMania fight , still got emotional because of seth rollins the prick "
neutral	" Rousey may have the #CaptainMarvel look , but she needs to prove she 's good enough to carry not just one movie but an entire franchise . "
neutral	Took a pic of this guy who sat in front of me during Miss USA b / c he looked important . I guess he is pretty important HTTPURL
neutral	" dear ujjwal nikam , no one is claiming yakub is innocent , we want him to be shown mercy , he must not be hanged , may be jailed . "
positive	Saudi 's Eid present to Taiz . Big thank you @USER . This is best Eid present ever for Taiz #Yemen HTTPURL
positive	Charles Gets The Grandkids Into Gardening : He may be only two years old but it seems Prince George 's grandfath ... HTTPURL
positive	" Kendrick may be the best rapper ever tho lol . flow , lyrical content . the whole 100 yards . "
neutral	SCOTUS rules against clerk in gay marriage case HTTPURL Kim Davis 's lawyer says she will show Tues and accept her fate .
positive	Fab day of photography in Oxfordshire today . Planning the twilight shot for later . There again tomorrow
neutral	" It 's Free Shipping Friday ! Unless yer in Saudi Arabia , our ' eternal friend , ' where it 's Public Beheading Friday ! Again . Whoo hoo ! "
positive	Yeppers we are hooking you up all week with Zac Brown Band tickets ! =) HTTPURL
neutral	" It may not be Sunday , but Dustin Johnson is still getting last round jitters . He 's started with four bogeys ! #DeutscheBankChampionship "
positive	@USER I 'm sure you 'd like it it 's like an action packed anime they just remastered the 4th game on PS4 and she 's playable c :
neutral	' Frank Ocean ' appeared on Sunday 16 at the 11th place in the Top 20 of Dallas-Ft . Worth 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	@USER did you know that me and @USER wait from 10am to 8p m ( then Katja joined ) in Duomo square in Milan the 3rd for you ?
negative	Sep 10th steelers ruin the Tom Brady parade HTTPURL
neutral	Paul McCartney is coming to Columbus on October 13th . Ticketcrush has your tickets ! Click the link to buy your ... HTTPURL
positive	" My good friend William is planning to revert to Islam , may Allah make it easy for them . "
negative	@USER @USER this is n't new . US military course taught officers ' Islam is the enemy ' - HTTPURL
positive	Hope i see my champ d best in d wwe mr RKO randy Orton on wwe monday raw tonight
neutral	You may follow dynamic Israel on Israel Tomorrow.Blog HTTPURL My blog will open your eyes to the truth about this country . .
neutral	" Just Announced : Milan , Italy - Dec 23 at Blues Jam : a Lady day Tale HTTPURL "
neutral	May I have the names of the singers on Miss USA ?
neutral	@USER I know you were big on Bloodbourne . I 've never played a Souls game . Gonna stream a blind / ignant run of Dark Souls Sun 3 pm PST .
positive	Frank Gifford was the face of Giants and original ' Monday Night ' rock star HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Sun goes down below the horizon at 1557 , you then should get 15-30 mins of twilight depending on where you are . "
neutral	are you going to see Kendrick Lamar just because of Bad Blood tomorrow cause he 's not gonna sing it Ally - my friend who 's perfectly right
positive	Getting my copy of Go Set a Watchman tomorrow morning . . . should be interesting given the comments of the early reviewers .
neutral	Murray just lost 2nd set and camera stayed on him during changeover . I counted 11 f-words in 20 seconds . New record ?
neutral	" HTTPURL If Man Utd and Real Madrid can not get the paperwork correct and on time , who can ? "
neutral	Live for Tuesday night . Do you think the IRA were heroes or zeros ? #IrelandTalks4FM
positive	National Hot Dog day means free wieners on Thursday - The News Journal - The News Journal HTTPURL
positive	" An absolute BOMB by Kris Bryant , his 15th HR on the year . #Cubs up 3-2 now on the #Giants . #SFvsCHC "
neutral	sep . 5th 2015 | | louis with Niall last night on stage #OTRAMontreal ( 1-3 ) HTTPURL
positive	Congratulations ! Hulk Hogan reached the end of the 1st line of his keyboard . Now we try with these letter things :) HTTPURL
positive	John Kasich may be the most genuine of all of the candidates #VotersFirst
neutral	#MNTwins open 2016 season with series at Baltimore and Kansas City . Home opener April 11 vs . White Sox .
positive	Hungry ... again . But then I remembered I work at Dunkin tomorrow and can stuff my face with donuts . Perks or nah
neutral	" ... So if you wanna love me then Darlin ' don ' refrain , or i 'll just end up walking in the cold november rain ... Ay eso es Nirvana : B #Tanmk "
positive	@USER Happy Sunday to you Ms . Curtis ! I hope you have an awesome day ! Thank you for all of your hard work !
positive	" Sibling-wed Game with Scott and Chris Evans , Part 2 HTTPURL La risa de Chris me dio risa , basta . "
positive	Could there be anything better to listen to today ? George Harrison - Here comes the Sun . #WinterSolstice #music HTTPURL
positive	Wow strong 20 hour cast of Dark Souls . The zwei addiction is real ! I 'll be back at it tomorrow evening probably after another DaS dream lol
neutral	#family #Newyear2015 Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker said Friday that he will not take a formal position on whe ... HTTPURL
positive	" Djibouti Swamp (8 - 9 , 5th , @USER ) beats Miggy Smalls ( 1st , 12-5 , @USER ) 223-200 MVP - David Price with 60 points "
neutral	" timesofindia : JUST IN | Delhi court asks Sonia Gandhi , Rahul Gandhi , 5 other accused to appear before it on Dec 19 in #NationalHerald case "
neutral	" @USER I think it 'll be a dead rubber , if it 's not already , but I 'm going to Orioles @USER Red Sox in a few weeks , Friday night game "
neutral	Alan Benjamin-n . @USER Have you seen these inviting Katy Perry images ? You may want to see : HTTPURL
neutral	... Ask Tony Blair HTTPURL - or US officials HTTPURL - they 'll tell you what empowered ISIS @USER
neutral	@USER See you tomorrow . #MTVHottest Katy Perry HTTPURL
neutral	" Dec 13 , 1965 John Lennon , Paul McCartney and George Harrison meet at NEMS HQ to discuss the group 's third film project , A Tallent For Lovng "
neutral	" SEPT 9 , 2015 WEDNEDAY Schedule 7-8 AM Easy Flow with Mariel Real 8: 15-9 : 15AM Mahasana Yoga with Jaya Indra ... HTTPURL "
negative	" Completely agree . Rolling stone is Such a sell out ! Fuck it , you may as well put Paris Hilton on there HTTPURL "
neutral	HTTPURL > > David Wright will make his return to the Mets on Monday in Philly HTTPURL
positive	I hope john cena is ok it seems like he may of been dropped preety hard by Kevin Owens during a house show tonight hopefully it 's not
positive	" George Osborne portrayed the night tube to aid low waged workers but only on Friday & Saturday , lying again George ? HTTPURL "
negative	Kendrick 's 2015 album may be important but it 's not especially listenable . Future sounds like a guy playing with a microphone at Best Buy .
positive	" cheesy as it may sound , I will never be able to thank One Direction ( with Zayn ) enough for everything they 've done & how they saved my life . "
neutral	2 extra tickets that need to be gone for Kenny and Jason Aldean at Gillette for Friday the 28th .. Let me know if you or anybody wants them
neutral	I can't be the only one that thinks 5sos should do a cover of In Bloom by Nirvana . C'mon
negative	" Another pathetic false flag drama like the " " Charlie Hebdo " " back in January , or a real terrorist attack ? Who are ... HTTPURL "
positive	" HTTPURL Cole and Kendrick 5 years in the making , finally in February . SchoolboyQ in the old navy sweater with the corona hah "
neutral	Gucci bags oneself privileged communication june enlarge upon the brace thine soul entranceway mere chance in ...
negative	Kanye west just does n't know when to keep quiet .. its a problem . May be he needs a mouth guard ...
neutral	Dustin Johnson setting the pace again . Hope he waits until at least Sunday before imploding .
neutral	People may treat you badly and do you bad but they will remember you in time of distress just people of Israel they remembered Jephthah
neutral	" Oliseh meets with Victor Moses in London : Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh , has met with Nigeria and Chelsea ... HTTPURL "
positive	Dustin Johnson will be awesome until he needs a 2ft putt on the 72nd hole come Sunday . Folds like a lawn chair under pressure . #PGA
neutral	Poor Dustin Johnson ! This is going to be special . C'mon Rose #PGAChampionship
neutral	" Wait , @USER sat down @USER for speaking against radical Islam ? Uhm , guys , in case you have n't seen the tapes ... "
negative	Lost some respect for Nicki after that . You may be a queen in the rap world but when u start shit at an award show u look like garbage #VMAs
neutral	" Super Eagles Coach Sunday Oliseh Says That He Is Not A Magician - LOL : Head coach of the Super Eagles , Sunday ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER I never once thought , it would be Kane until the last hr . people starting it may be Kane . "
neutral	I hope Paul Dunne steadies the ship . Glad he did n't have to play either of the provisionals on the 2nd . #TheOpen2015
negative	" @USER he promised to take me to Milan on Saturday but he did n't step up , hence why he 's a fuckboy "
neutral	" 2xUPDATE Kim Davis ' husband implies he 'll use " " 2nd Amendment " " remedy against Gay Marriage supporters HTTPURL via @USER "
neutral	" Seth Rollins may have broken John Cena 's nose , but Cena won the match and made Rollins tapped out ! @USER #Smackdown #Cenation "
positive	@USER I 'll be there during the week and imma get Gucci for 6th ! !
positive	I want Skye to be the love of May and Thor
neutral	Anyone want Ed Sheeran tickets for September 17 ? About 35 dollars ? I have two tickets
positive	Have a good Labor Day Red Sox fans ! ! ! Enjoy the baseball ! ! ! Boston hosts the Blue Jays Monday ! ! ! Go Boston ! ! ! HTTPURL
positive	" @USER the game where I took that photo , that was my Mother 's Day gift to my mom ... Toronto vs Red Sox on May 8 this season "
neutral	@USER when will the 20th Anniversary PS4 controller be available and for how much is it likely to go for ?
positive	why pack for moving to college tomorrow when you can watch three different trailers for Ant-man instead
positive	@USER : Niam teased a song off the 5th album . such a tease .. Look at Niall how cute he is .. ! HTTPURL little shit
positive	" Also tomorrow on HTTPURL you 'll find my review of Ant-Man . That 's right bitches , I actually saw a new film at the cinema ! "
neutral	Murray out in the 4th Round !
negative	" February , and finding their declining the time with your secrecy ; and the same kind wishes with Justin Bieber could not feel , "
positive	@USER My Italian trip restored my faith in the love and passion of FB.PL like a library . Next 2 trips sorted next up Milan derby-Jan
negative	" Carly Fiorina is telling people in NH they should be " " incenting " " teachers . It may be a word , but she still sounds like an idiot "
negative	@USER @USER sadly I do n't have a PS4 so may as well keep giving away the games
neutral	I may talk my shit about Caitlyn Jenner . But I 'm going to use her correct name and pronouns . That 's the least I can do .
positive	Is it weird I 'm excited for Sharknado 3 tomorrow night ?
positive	Just Dance by Lady Gaga brings the 8th grader in me back to life
neutral	I just hope the Gazans will realize that Israel is their friend and their gov't is their enemy ! HTTPURL
neutral	when briana 's stans try to make her nam trending > she just got 9th ( thats with our help tho ) while just a minutes & #BrouisIsFake got 3rd :D
neutral	George Harrison | Shop the George Harrison Official Store / Black Friday sale ends tonight ! HTTPURL
negative	" In age of a " " global " " Charlie Hebdo , it 's clearer than ever : you can't have your laugh about everything with everyone HTTPURL "
neutral	Want to be upgraded to floor seats ? ! Share your Ed Sheeran selfie with #LiveBright tonight & @USER just may pick you for the upgrade !
neutral	Do you think Kane needs to switch gimmicks again ? Should Kane get one more run ? #WWE #SoFarBackSunday #SFBS HTTPURL
neutral	Today on the @USER Show our listeners joined us in discussing Gay Marriage Vs Religion In KY . Listen to it here : HTTPURL
neutral	Kris Bryant homered in the bottom of the 9th . Cubs beat Indians 2-1 . Get to six of the #STLCards
neutral	" My sis was like " " Kanye should run for prez in 2020 . " " Me " " do you really want Kim Kardashian as 1st lady ? " " * drops mic * "
positive	I 'm so excited to spend my day tomorrow listening to Calibraska and Not An Apology
neutral	" @USER May I just ask , do you still have your tongue piercing , Briana ? #hopeso :) thanks . "
positive	@USER U2 brother ! All of the men who preach every Sunday deserve a great day of rest afterwards !
positive	Join us for this Partner Yoga specialty class at our Rio Rancho club location next Sunday ! See you there . HTTPURL
positive	watching Paper Towns today for the 1st time yaaay
negative	FRIGHTENING VIDEO OF Muslims turning Paris into a virtual war zone HTTPURL this what the leftards want
negative	@USER @USER I have been to Qatar in June / July . Miserable is just an empty word that does not scratch . Hot No beer and Muslims . Fun eh ?
neutral	omg i bought sam smith tickets way back in feb and forgot all about it until my friend texted me that it 's tomorrow
negative	Ca n't find a ride to Jason Aldean Thursday so looks like I 'm not going
neutral	@USER the Kendrick album may be the most overrated album of all time . It 's a good album but very little replay value
neutral	Will there be another march by the world 's leaders like the Charlie hebdo saga or will they bomb someone
negative	@USER whilst Trumps tweet is deplorable it was written in January post Charlie Hebdo . Look at the date on it
neutral	Dark Souls 3 April Launch Date Confirmed With New Trailer : Embrace the darkness . HTTPURL
neutral	This Thursday & Friday @USER #Clapham Functional Anatomy for Yoga Teachers with @USER HTTPURL #Yoga #Teachers
neutral	Frank Gifford was the man on monday night football rip
negative	" @USER @USER they were " " motiveless " " attacks . Nowt to do with Islam . HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER brady bunch ... tom brady . its all propaganda ! Signed , the 2nd shooter from the grassy knoll "
neutral	" Gorzelanny finishes the AB , walks Schwarber . 2 on and 1 out for Kris Bryant in the 5th "
neutral	i 'll make you some more justin bieber edits tomorrow if you do n't deactivate @USER
neutral	I was wishing to See #Raees in Christmas 2015 & #Dilwale on Eid 2016 at the beginning of the year . But delay in #Fan from 14 August Ruined .
negative	" @USER @USER exactly , sat back and watched his people being killed and blames it all on the IRA "
neutral	Ask a kid watching the #VMAs where they were when Nicki called Miley out ... now ask them what happen Nov 22 1963 ( crickets ) . #SoSad
negative	Nigeria was promised to be rid of Boko Haram in 2 months by PMB.It seems it was a mere promise after all . @USER HTTPURL
neutral	VOTING WONT END UNTIL the 15TH SO IF U DONT SEE THE VOTES THAT DOESNT MEAN IT ENDED #MTVStars Lady Gaga
neutral	" Come see Great Horny Toads , or as Rolling Stone puts it , " " The 21st Century 's Musical Wondertwins , " " busk outside of Solstace bar tonight . "
positive	" @USER @USER we adore Kane for being 2nd top scorer , he was 2nd top assister "
negative	My bad let me fixate Y'all may be Muslims but you 're not practicing Muslims
neutral	" @USER hello , trying to clear something up because of flights : match against Milan , is it at night on the 9th or at 3 on the 10th ? Tx "
positive	Best part of Ant-Man is how Hank Pym 's treasured photo of his wife covers up her actual face with a large sun hat .
neutral	Tomorrow 's quad hockey action will start with John Cena vs They Do n't Stop Coming followed up by Club Zum vs Straight Outta Talent
neutral	@USER @USER Would u start Big Ben or Tom Brady next Thursday night ? I 'm going against Cousins or Eli .
negative	Why is rolling stone putting Donald trump on the cover ? I may have to cancel my subscription .
neutral	@USER Bang him up front with Kane and play Sun and N'Jie on the wings then surely !
neutral	Sam Smith is tomorrow and I can't even with myself
negative	I 'm so mad Seth Rollins is going to talk so much tomorrow on raw kiwi fuck I 'm so mad
neutral	" Nirvana has been holding this man back for far too long , it 's about damn time he went solo . HTTPURL "
positive	SDHS is very proud of Mary Satchwill and Sam Smith who participated in the Swiss Ambassador Program on August 29th . HTTPURL
neutral	Randy Orton vs Seth Rollins for the #WWE Heavyweight Championship LIVE tonight on Monday Night #RAW @USER HTTPURL
neutral	Katy Perry left her handprints outside the famed Chinese Theatre in Hollywood on Tuesday night - - not that anyone ... HTTPURL
negative	" Irritates me Gay males are n't allowed to donate blood , but a transgender woman can , or anyone else who may of had sex with a gay / bi man can . "
negative	That 's what happens when you hang around with IRA Terrorists . It 's hard to have any sympathy for the cunt . HTTPURL
neutral	" Arsenal youngster , Chuba Akpom and Liverpool rising star , Jordon Ibe may snub the Super Eagles following their invitations to England 's U21s "
negative	I honestly thought you lot had lost it and were talking about the 8th series of Big Brother .
negative	" Mat Matters : The Hulk Hogan problem : When news broke on Friday about the racist comments by Hulk Hogan , record ... HTTPURL "
positive	I am going to meet Dean Ambrose on Oct 2nd wooo ! ! ! HTTPURL via @USER
negative	Yo it 's been 2 and a half weeks since Kendrick 's Black Friday dropped and I still have n't fully understood all his lyrics yet ...
positive	Looking forward to @USER other movie Lavalantula this Saturday . Crossover with Sharknado ?
positive	If you 're in Canberra next Tuesday the twilight market is a must to stock up on fresh produce before Christmas ... HTTPURL
neutral	Why people think Kendrick and Cole dropping an album together feb ... it prolly gone be a solo Cole album
positive	The Zac Brown Band will play Fenway Park this Friday - Sunday . Do n't miss it ! HTTPURL
positive	AJ has the best 3rd - party commentary on Kpop .
neutral	Us Magazine Sam Smith Writes and Records the New James Bond Theme Tune for the Upcoming M ... HTTPURL #news #May #Omg #NFB
neutral	Is Shawn gonna be on Michael and Kelly tomorrow or is it a re run
neutral	all of calibraska will be out on the 24th im cryinfhedjs im even less ready for this
positive	Josh Hamilton ties this sucker up @USER 3-3 ! Smashes his 4th homer of the season .
neutral	Pray for Curtis . He has n't felt the best all weekend . Today he is going to our local clinic . he has surgery scheduled for Thursday .
neutral	. @USER tells NH crowd a 3rd grader could have done better when it comes to the Iran nuclear deal @USER #fitn #nhpolitics
neutral	For an art project in 7th grade we had to make a sculpture and I made it of John Cena
neutral	" Kim Kardashian 's holiday gift to you ? Boobs , butt and ugly crying emojis : Kim Karashian may be the weirdest se ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER we 'll see when he scores the winner against you and is off to Man Utd with Kane in January . Enjoy Adebyor x
neutral	" If anyone is interested in 2 Kenny Chesney tickets tomorrow with Kenny Chesney , Jason Aldean , Brantley Gilbert , and Cole Swindell text me . "
negative	" I guess , SP or Congress ruled States may create TERRORISTS WELFARE MINISTRY soon . Yakub 's wife will be the 1st minister "
positive	Going to Jason Aldean Sept 19 with @USER Cant wait ! #jasonaldean #countryconcert
positive	" Yeah , I think I want a Seth Rollins shirt . Cuz that 's what champions do . His 1st - X-Men-movie-costume pants would n't hurt , either . #raw "
positive	" Good peak at presidential candidates . Carly Fiorina has it right - 1st day is for reaching out , introductions , etc . HTTPURL "
neutral	" My mom just came to my room with the " " exciting news " " that Kanye West is running for president . C'mon mom do n't you think I know that , idiot "
neutral	Seth Rollins opens tonight 's #RAW - Results : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" Salat ( prayer ) , 2nd pillar of Islam , is mentioned 700x in the Quran.Zakat ( charity ) , 3rd pillar , mentioned over 150x ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER And I may be beat Randy Orton but if Randy Orton beat me he earned it so I do n't care
neutral	Before We Go ( Chris Evans ) opens at Ster-Kinekor on the 27th . See trailer here HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	Ca n't doubt Tom Brady against the Steelers this Thursday ! HTTPURL
neutral	" * calls off work monday * cant come in , calibraska just came out @USER @USER "
positive	" I enjoyed a day of fun in the sun with this beautiful lady today . In the words of Ice Cube , " " Today was a good day . " " HTTPURL "
positive	" So in order for #Raiders to beat the #Bengals Derek Carr has to have a perfect game , He needs to RUN for 1st downs . Murray needs to shine "
positive	Got my alarm set so I can be up when tickets for shawn at the @USER go on sale tomorrow ! Want the best seats I can get .
neutral	Tonight 's game takes priority but come tomorrow it will be David Price who takes centre stage : HTTPURL #BlueJays #Yankees
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER Tom Brady went in the 3rd round too but do n't see ppl complaining about having his jersey
neutral	Man I just watched Kevin Gates kick that female for the first time ... He punted her face like Randy Orton . He may do some time for that !
neutral	" when you turn on the game and your up 3 with david price on the mount in the bottom of the 1st , you start thinking of other things to do lol "
positive	Ca n't wait to see Zac Brown Band for the 2nd time tonight !
neutral	eff Dunkin at 4 tomorrow eff dunkin all the time actually
positive	" Emma Watson , Lena Dunham , Amy Schumer , Taylor Swift , etc may be feminist women I do n't agree with - but it does n't mean they arent feminists "
neutral	" @USER going by the 14th amendment , denying gay marriage would infringe on the rights of people under the jurisdiction of the U . S . "
positive	" Michael Jordan finished 6-0 in the NBA Finals . Floyd Mayweather looks to hit 49-0 Saturday , will history be ... HTTPURL "
positive	Any of my Denver peeps need tickets to the Kenny Chesney & Jason Aldean concert tomorrow ? I have two 100 level ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Paul McCartney 's daughter , Stella , and Ringo Starr 's son , Zak , share the same birthday : September 13th . "
positive	Janet Jackson Pays Tribute To Aaliyah On the 14th Anniversary Of Her Death [ Photo ] HTTPURL
positive	The Foo Fighters may or may not have just ruined any future concerts that I attend . That was awesome ! !
positive	@USER see you in April with The Vamps dude ! ! !
negative	Prosecutors began reviewing evidence on Tuesday in the fatal crash involving Caitlyn Jenner : HTTPURL
neutral	Rousey fighting again in January . Gonna give Holm the benefit of the doubt and say she may make it past a minute .
neutral	Nicki may not be a vocalist but she sure does n't sound a mess when she sings HTTPURL
neutral	Paul Crowder will be entertaining everyone at the LIthglo 15 Twilight Markets this Saturday at Queen Elizabeth ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Oh . 14 days is there ? Thanks for the information . Any way this is the 2nd mercy petition . This has no value . Yakub has to hang
neutral	" Frank Ocean , I think we need to have a talk . It 's not you , it 's me HTTPURL "
neutral	May I please be special guest Monday night wall or SmackDown May I please meet John Cena and Nikki Bella you yeah burge
neutral	Kim Kardashian on the cover of Rolling Stone is not The Death Of Rock . This is . HTTPURL
positive	" Papa WAS A ROLLING STONE . It was 3rd of September , a day I 'll always remember . ... ! ! ! "
neutral	John Lamb gives up a solo home run to Ryan Braun in the 1st .
positive	Zac Brown Band tomorrow night with boy . SO EFFING EXCITED . Eeeeee !
positive	ALSO GOOD NEWS i 'm going to go see Ant-Man tomorrow / twerktwerk
neutral	" Frank Gifford , who died today at 84 , worked the Masters for @USER 1969-71 before going to ABC to do Monday Night Football . "
positive	Kanye West made waves during Sunday night 's MTV Video Music Awards when he capped off his 13 - minute acceptance ... HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci multitude anima humana privity december lay bare the twin thy peculiar near unessential in order to expe ...
neutral	" Carly Fiorina , Gaining in Polls , Moves to Secure Spot in 2nd G . O . P . Debate : Mrs . Fiorina , the former Hewlett-P ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I was all in on Sharknado . Never brought myself to watch 2 . If anyone is watching 3 instead of Gold Cup tonight I may throw a shark at you .
neutral	" Floyd Mayweather wins 3rd straight Nevada Fighter of the Year , uncle R #MayweatherVSPacquiao , #mayweather , #pacquiao HTTPURL "
positive	Wishing everyone a happy Saturday . Our song for today is ... Bee Gees with I Could Not Love You More HTTPURL
positive	" Saturday Night Fever - More Than A Woman ( Bee Gees ) HTTPURL via @USER Travolta , just Travolta ! Wow ! "
neutral	This is going to be me tomorrow while I listen to Calibraska . #CalibraskaEP HTTPURL
positive	@USER I know you 're gonna rock the fan 's tomorrow ... why because you 're Katy Perry #nocommet
neutral	" Photo : The streets outside the central rail station in Milan , Italy , are seen free of vehic @USER HTTPURL via @USER "
neutral	This VMA drama is just trying to distract us from Sharknado 3 tomorrow
neutral	@USER #wealltried Aye are you going to kpop star tomorrow ?
positive	It should be settled in the minds of Christians that the Holy Scriptures are a spiritual light far brighter than the sun - Martin Luther
positive	" .. now disappeared , sun gone for the day . Twilight with soft skies to say goodbye to Friday . We must all remember we are blessed . #GodsWorld "
negative	War-mongering #AhmadChalabi Bit the Dust but Tony Blair roams the earth stirring Trouble like there ` s no Tomorrow HTTPURL
neutral	Fudgeeee guys kailangan talaga natin bumotoooo as of now were on the 16th spot #MTVStars The Vamps
positive	" Getting around to listening to the new and amazing Iron Maiden album , The Book of Souls . Takes me back , way back to when I 1st got into them "
positive	My day was just made ! Julie coming up in the clutch with Zac Brown Band tickets for Friday ! #Daymade #shortweek
negative	@USER That may be a function of total aircraft weight at take off at the higher altitude in Tehran . Boo Iran . Boo ISIS . Boo Evil
positive	Are you gonna be voting tomorrow ? Every answer should be a yes ! ! #MTVStars Lady Gaga
neutral	Shawn take a picture with me tomorrow
positive	" Ant-Man , Edge Of Tomorrow , Inside Out , Inglourious Basterds and Obvious Child ( my favourite of the week ) #myweekinmovies "
neutral	Nicki may be a black woman but you 're forget shes a RICH BLACK WOMAN !
positive	Do n't forget to watch Paul McCartney on Saturday Night Live tonight ! Retweet !
positive	" Will say its 6th , 7th , 8th and then 365th day of Eid Bcoz still waiting for some real Eid 's Enjoyment and for some Eidi . #YhBhiKoiEidHui "
neutral	" @USER Liverpool are a hobby , Red Sox is their passion , Liverpool will always play 2nd fiddle , your days dining at the top table are over ! "
positive	Biggest game of the match . Even bigger than the 3rd set tie-break . Murray simply had to hold . Please Andy .
neutral	" If Brock Lesnar wins this Sunday , im going to F5 Annie through the coffee table ... #SummerSlam "
positive	" Every Tuesday after I watch @USER raw all I want to do all day is walk around sayin " " My client BROCK LESNAR ! " " before I start any conversation "
neutral	Bale took Wales from 118th position to the 9th position in FIFA ranking . Y U NOT DO THIS WITH REAL MADRID ? ? ?
neutral	Last time we were in the 3rd round draw Tony Blair was Prime Minister and Michael Howard was leader of the Conservative Party .
neutral	#ANI_news Its a non-profit company & amp ; its very clear . Lets see what happens on the 19th : Rahul Gandhi #NationalHeraldCase
neutral	" Gone from Eminem , to Fetty Wap , to Kenny Chesney and Johnny Cash , to Taking Back Sunday and Foo Fighters in the last hour . #variety "
neutral	Win 2 FREE tickets to see Ed Sheeran at Toyota Stadium Sept 5 ! View the link to see how to enter our drawing . HTTPURL _RT_
positive	so who 's going with me to see justin bieber on April 7th
neutral	I 'm gonna listen to I do n't mind then allow zayn 's departure to sink in for the 700th time since march 25th
positive	" @USER I had high expectactions when I watched because everyone was hyping it so much , I knew Ant-Man would be good after 1st trailer "
negative	Hope he dumps his gay porn stash first : Kentucky Clerk Says He May Die Fighting Gay Marriage HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER @USER think U2 should stay well out of Ireland 4 a long time = talking about Bloody Sunday as been about the IRA
neutral	If Dustin Johnson had pared the 1st hole he 'd be 17 under right now
negative	@USER just found out that both Glen Beck & Chuck Norris were here for the march ... clear sign that this march should n't be taken serious
positive	" @USER @USER Beep beep ... ! Yep , Murray and Federer into the top 16 . Phew ! :) See you tomorrow ! "
neutral	Here is the average NFL rank of Peyton Manning & Tom Brady 's defenses : Tom Brady : 8th out of 32 Peyton Manning : 15th out of 32
positive	" The Twilight Sad , the Guinness and the Rangers . The perfect Saturday . HTTPURL "
neutral	Gucci bags foreconscious classified information april send to school the dyadic thy undivided on accompaniment ...
positive	" Alexandra de Curtis , Rome : The Satchel - Grande & Piccola :) brighten up your Friday with these beautiful bags ! HTTPURL "
neutral	#Russia 's #Putin discusses Syrian crisis on phone with Israel 's PM HTTPURL
positive	Sunday Supplement are honestly making out that Kane is one of the best strikers in the world . He is n't even the best striker at Tottenham .
neutral	@USER ah I thought it was Sunday . Thanks . Sam Smith is Sunday I think and Black Keys tomorrow
positive	Paper Towns comes out tomorrow and I 'm going to see I after work and omg I 'm so happy I could literally pee myself with excitement
positive	I 'm in a GroupMe where we 're having an intelligent conversation about Kanye West 's ankles . Happy Monday .
neutral	this is the 2nd time i 've gone to starbucks in my iron maiden shirt and a worker ask me my favorite album ... i do n't listen to iron maiden
positive	I 'm just waiting for the day when it 's announced that there will be a 5th twilight about Jacob and Renesme
negative	@USER Dont come to milan tomorrow i 'll literally punch you in the face im already too stressed like this thanks
neutral	Milan 's Expo is well and truly over and it seems public transport strikes are well and truly back . One coming up on Wednesday 16 December .
neutral	@USER I thought it may have been Iran .
positive	Stuff A Bus starts tomorrow at Shawn 's No Frills We have some great draws for you to enter when you visit ! HTTPURL
negative	Sun newspaper disrespecting the war dead ? Really labour woman ? What does your leader really think though ? We know he respects IRA #bbcqt
positive	I am thankful for @USER for pointing out how all the animals in the shop sat up when Thor strided in there ! ! ! ROFL #Thor
negative	@USER @USER It will happen in 4th year and remember Rahul do n't make him hero like u guys did with yakub
positive	It 's almost 10pm and school is tomorrow so I should probs go to bed but I 'm just going to listen to Kanye West all night
positive	" Some real legendary names on list tomorrow : David Bowie , Bjork , Prince ... just putting it together and realised ! "
positive	Start your Friday off the right way by watching John Cena save the day during an episode of Scooby Doo : HTTPURL
negative	5th Harmony is such a waste of space for the Triple Ho Show .. Like ; give it to Ed Sheeran or Selena Gomez OR even Kelly Clarkson . 5H IS TRASH
positive	" I 'm sure Real Madrid will ' somehow ' sign De Gea tomorrow , but tonight 's been entertaining all the same HTTPURL "
negative	" Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges in fatal crash , or as she called it , womanslaughter . @USER "
neutral	Kim Kardashian makes post-baby debut in live stream chat : On Thursday evening the 35 - year-old Keeping Up With The Kardashians star ga ...
neutral	U2 . Dublin . November . Who 's going ? #me
neutral	" Frank Gifford and ' A Fan 's Notes ' : Frank Gifford , who died Sunday in Connecticut at age 84 , was not just a Hal ... HTTPURL "
negative	" One season wonders do n't tend to do it in their 1st season when only 21 . Ridiculous that ppl even consider it . Kane is class , get used to it "
neutral	David Price taking to the mound for the #BlueJays tonight . Since August 3 he 's been reliable as expected & then some HTTPURL
neutral	" Watchman just informed me about the fact that the sun is shining , in case the MET dept needs some cutting edge weather monitoring tech . "
neutral	" Ryan Braun hits his 24th HR of the season and Wily Peralta gives up 1 run in 7 innings as @USER beat Reds , 4-1 . HTTPURL "
neutral	Who 's all going to Jason Aldean the 21st ?
neutral	Thor and Odin have more to do with Dec 25 than Jesus
neutral	Whatever . Some dude forcing his opinions on people ain't worth my time . But aye yall who 's ready for the new Naruto episode tomorrow !
neutral	" Appointment with Barracuda in Milan , from 1 to 4 September . [ Pav . 3 Stand : G01 / H02 - H06 ] Do n't miss the event ! HTTPURL "
neutral	" Seth Rollins , the Authority Must Break Up to Create Better Storylines : This past Monday , following the " " in me ... HTTPURL "
negative	Jealous of everyone going to Jason Aldean tomorrow night
negative	Will the Tory cabinet take advantage of George Osborne 's brother who has free time now he 's been suspended as a psychiatrist for 2nd time ?
neutral	" Cool , Ant-Man is n't working . Beauty sleep for me then seeing as it 's Monday . "
neutral	" Oppo HR for Abreu , not far from the pole . His 24th , and it 's 1-0 White Sox . "
neutral	You can't even compare Kendrick and Future . Way different . Future just got fire beats . K Dot got Barzzzzz HTTPURL
neutral	" In the early days of WCW Monday Nitro , why did Hulk Hogan never carry his heavyweight championship with him ? "
positive	" @USER It 's not just a helmet to me . [ He sighs , muttering under his breath before answering him . ] As for Thor , he 's back tomorrow . "
neutral	" First Charlie Hebdo , then , Friday the 13th . ISIS does n't seem to understand . France is not afraid of you ... and u cowards will end up dead . "
neutral	I know it 's last minute but does anyone need 2 tickets for Jason Aldean in Raleigh tomorrow night ? Message me for more info #ecu #Greenville
positive	" When your sister plays Iron Maiden on a Saturday morning , you know your work as a brother is done . "
positive	I want Dunkin tomorrow
positive	@USER finished watching it for the 2nd time ! I got nothing but respect for you Ice Cube !
neutral	See my article in @USER and then see Amy Schumer at the BB & T Center this Saturday HTTPURL
positive	Also may have purchased a Brock Lesnar and a Bray Wyatt shirt for my trip to #SummerSlam . It 's the day before payday & I still have money !
positive	" Ant-man was good tho . And props to the guy who mention about the 2nd extra scene at the end of the movie , you da real mvp . "
positive	gonna lay out in the sun and listen to CALIBRASKA all day
neutral	It 's DAVIS Vs Gayliath . May God bring Christians a just victory based on His truth not abominable lies . #kimdavis HTTPURL
positive	Frank ocean puttin me to sleep thinkin of the past on this Sat . night relaxin with ace and mike . But eyes on the future :) an no lookin back
negative	RIP Chris Hemsworth 's killer bod may he get that back in time for Thor : Ragnarok
neutral	@USER a lot of times the 2nd day after a workout is when I 'm the sorest . Just a little delayed onset muscle soreness you Gucci
neutral	Gucci may be a famous rapper but he 's still in jail and still have an ice cream cone tatted on his face
positive	" No , Caitlyn Jenner may not be a war hero , but she 's been such an inspiration to many young people who need someone like her to look up to . "
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER @USER sure , in exactly the same way that Thursday is proof that Thor exists . "
positive	Did you know that ' The Vamps ' was Trending Topic on Thursday 5 for 6 hours in Belgium ? HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	I know your eyes in the morning sun I feel you touch me in the pouring rain Bee Gees
positive	Brewers Video : Ryan Braun Becomes MIL 's All-Time HR Leader ( 252 ) with 6th Inning Blast
positive	We are no way losing it ! C'mon you little monsters ! #MTVStars Lady Gaga HTTPURL
neutral	@USER getting more people who never would have touched a Dark SOuls in the 1st place
positive	@USER no you do not need to ! Wait may be just Morocco & Israel with me .. my social and linguistic skills are superb ;)
neutral	I want to see Amy Schumer Saturday so badddddd
neutral	Confusion clouds Saudi Arabia 's anti-ISIL coalition : Some key members of the 34 - nation anti-ISIL coalition ann ... HTTPURL
neutral	Look out for my Sharknado interview with @USER and @USER on @USER tomorrow after 4pm UK time 8am US time #Fintastic
neutral	" @USER @USER Who can tell you ? so far , all gone questioning . Try talking to the Gone , may be Yakub could help ! "
positive	you know what 's tomorrow is Phoenix ? Sam smith concert . you know who is n't going ? this lemon
positive	Tomorrow we play the new David Bowie song to start the program at 3pm on Your Tuesday Afternoon Alternative - join us for #YTAA on #WUDR
neutral	I 'm surprised it took this long after Zayn left for this to happen . HTTPURL
neutral	Sam Smith may have given it away #SPECTRE #Bond HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	" Reason y shdnt discuss religion is I may make u hate Pak , but if I made u hate Islam , then i do a bigger sin @USER @USER "
positive	did I mention Im going to see Foo Fighters in milton keynes tomorrow ! ! ! ... HTTPURL
negative	" Saudi Defense Minister : " " We will work to hit any terrorist organization in Afghanistan " " WTF . Saudi Arabia was the 1st to recognize Taliban . "
positive	Ca n't wait for Ed Sheeran tomorrow with all my bb's
neutral	I hope tomorrow is the last RAW where Seth Rollins is WWE champion for at least a year .
neutral	@USER Its a tragedy ! ! ! Muslims should always help Muslims lest they become a prey jn the hands of enemies.May Allah swt hv mercy
positive	" I 'm going to tell Colwell we should do a JT , Bruno Mars or Janet Jackson song for hip hop next Monday for real "
positive	Sat here at nearly 3am with David Bowie on repeat . All I need now is food .
positive	" Wow . Paul Dunne ! ! Great job kid ! Hope he can stay in it tomorrow and show these pros how it 's , dare I say , Dunne ? ! @USER #TheOpen2015 "
negative	" @USER scriptures in Islamic text suggests " " Allah " " in Islam may be Satan . When compared to the bible Though its purely hypothetical . "
neutral	Ohio Gov . John Kasich is set to round out the Republican presidential field Tuesday when he formally announces his White House bid .
negative	at the show on monday night people kept yelling john cena n ed was like ... am i the only one who finds that annoying n i was like No Fam
negative	" Me " " Caitlyn Jenner may get charged for manslaughter . " " @USER " " at least it 's not women slaughter " " "
neutral	@USER I 'm pretty sure it 's like Katy Perry 's Last Friday Night
positive	I just got Calibraska and I know I may be a little late but it 's amazing
positive	The song Lost It To Trying ( Paper Towns Mix ) on the Paper Towns soundtrack is amazing . It 's got FOBs Fourth of July as a base and just wow
neutral	changing my name to Dustin Johnson because that 's what just happened on the 18th #CHOKE #GameOfThrows
neutral	Holly Holm 's boxing may give her the ability to out point Rousey on the feet but what 's her take down defence like ?
neutral	" @USER This was so the sun could n't spin a " " louis trying for relationship with briana " " story from her attending the concerts "
neutral	Justin Bieber to see what it 's like to be famous HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER I think Trump 'd probably prefer not to mention the IRA years tbh HTTPURL
neutral	A girl named Jordan just got crowned Miss USA on Sunday . It was n't me in case you were wondering ...
positive	" Hisashi Iwakuma worked around four walks in Saturday 's win over the White Sox , allowing two runs on seven hits over 5 2/3 innings . #Mariners "
positive	Anyone wanna see Jason Aldean with me Sept 17th ? ! Got an extra ticket ! ! !
neutral	" I have just listed : ' Prince George of Cambridge 1st Birthday Commemorative Mug Prince Georg ... ' , for 7.50 via @USER HTTPURL "
positive	Remembering George Harrison on the 14th anniversary of his death . RIP and love always . #GeorgeHarrison #takentoosoon @USER
neutral	Stop it Nicki said all that behind a smile HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER You should try Iron Maiden at about 3:30 on a Friday . That way , when the bell rings , you can #runforthehills "
neutral	" Justin Bieber 's complaint on Obama 's entrance , Colonel I 's being sorry I now he may be Lady Middleton , his doing a more conjectural ; "
positive	The only good thing about today was the guy at dunkin telling me this morning that they 'd have pumpkin coffee tomorrow ...
positive	Overall ... tonight reconfirmed my love for nicki and why I never went back to side bangs after 7th grade
neutral	" @USER Quran says when flag of islam flies over every country , the 12th IMAM SHALL RISE UP OUT OF FIRE & SMOKE & rule his domain . "
positive	Prince George 's 2nd Birthday : Find Out How the Royal Family Plans to Celebrate ! | E ! Online HTTPURL
positive	Bad Blood by Taylor Swift feat . Kendrick Lamar stays in Top 5 for 11th week on the Billboard Hot 100 ; peaked at # 1
negative	Exact moment things went wrong in Iran leading directly to where we are today . Kills me every time I read about it HTTPURL
neutral	#Russia Media : Iranian Hackers Easily Took Over Computers of New York Dam : On Monday it was revealed that Iran ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER I can't remember it but it 's like the 3rd or 4th person Niall follows on IG .
neutral	" Okay , maybe no Halo Legendary solo tomorrow . Might just continue Dark Souls . I want to get all the Skulls and Intel before I do that . "
positive	@USER hopefully you are having a great Sunday afternoon I 've been watching kpop videos on mxy TV today
neutral	Mayweather insists Berto will be his last foe : Floyd Mayweather insists his September 12 showdown with Andre B ... HTTPURL
negative	" Persons who are favoring Yakub Menen , may be HAPPY on Gurdaspur Attack . Those persons should also be hanged till death along with Yakub . "
positive	" @USER Chuck Norris and 10,000 people march through downtown Birmingham Saturday and @USER does n't cover it ? Who dropped the ball ? "
neutral	" However , I may or may not have shed a tear since it was the first video without Zayn #DragMeDownMusicVideo @USER "
positive	Plus the new naruto game comes out in February and I 'm so unbelievably excited for that
neutral	" And my toughest final is tomorrow , it 's cumulative , and I 've been watching Amy Schumer and the office all night instead of studying "
positive	Kris Bryant just hit the furthest home run I may have ever seen in my life
neutral	Haruna Lukmon may av just played himself out of d Super Eagles under coach Sunday Oliseh
neutral	" Floyd Mayweather took another swipe at Ronda Rousey on Thursday , asking her to call him when she can make $ 300 ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Constantly mentioning comments about Justin Bieber to my parents , so they may just buy me tickets . "
neutral	Brock Lesnar is going over Sunday at #SummerSlam does n't take a rocket scientist to figure that out #RAW
neutral	" What a play by Arrieta , but the execution is n't finished by Kris Bryant . E - 5 , his 14th error of the season . #CrosstownCup "
negative	The verse of Kendrick Lamar on Black Friday .. Listen to that shit with a notebook
positive	Always remember Frank Gifford doing Monday Night Football man you 're going to be missed rip
negative	@USER Fuck CC . Curtis may have been the villain but let 's not forget just how complacent CC was in throwing Effie under the bus
positive	Congrats to Lina Boily ! She just won 2 tickets to see Janet Jackson this Saturday in Grande Prairie . Buy yours here : HTTPURL
positive	" Review : Motorola Moto G ( 3rd Gen ): Motorola 's mid-range masterpiece , the Moto G , is a formidable smartphone th ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Courtney walked into the shop as she sat down looking at some papers then looked up " " Naruto ? are you okay ? " " "
neutral	Something shows just how underrated George Harrison was in that band ! I 'm guessing here comes the sun will make the top 10 #NatFaveBeatles
neutral	Coach Sunday Oliseh will be in charge for the 1st time as Super Eagles manager as Nigeria tackle Tanzania on Saturday . #MadeOfGreen
neutral	" 20 + years ago tonight , I was on the last bus after Nirvana 's 1st Dublin gig . Here 's a radio essay about it , 9.09 in HTTPURL "
neutral	" My Guardian op-ed on Paris , Charlie Hebdo and the logic of terrorism . HTTPURL "
neutral	ALSO kinda late but I just realized Naruto was born on the 10th of October and that 's when they 're releasing the Boruto movie
positive	" Sunday is National Ice Cream Day , but we have the best creams minus the calories #constantcontact HTTPURL "
neutral	- be your vigilante . He 'll be buried deep in the ground just like his beloved WCW . September 20th is the day Seth Rollins ends Sting .
neutral	Harrisburg scores two runs with two outs in top of 5th to take 2-0 lead against Prince George 's County . #PGRBI @USER
neutral	" Real Clear Politics - Yes , Sharknado 4 Is Happening : ' Sharknado 3 : Oh Hell No ! ' premiered in the U . S . Wednesday ... HTTPURL "
positive	my manga phase started in 3rd grade with Naruto and honestly I do n't think it 's ended HTTPURL
neutral	" Ideally all 29 teams would say no and Kane would be launched into the sun , but here we are "
neutral	" So tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day in America , but not exactly Canada . See , this is why you Americans are so fucking fat . "
neutral	Seeing Ed Sheeran on Thursday means I have to miss the Big Brother live eviction episode . The struggle .
neutral	" Red Sox Highlight : Jackie Bradley Jr . hits solo HR , David Ortiz with RBI double in 4 - run 7th in 7-5 win over Phillies ( ESPN ) "
neutral	" On this day in July 26 , 2010 ~ #RAW : Randy Orton vs . Jey Uso HTTPURL "
positive	" If you 're collecting your GCSE results tomorrow and tou watch anime , there 's a new episode of Naruto out tomorrow x "
neutral	Queer Eye for the Messiah Guy - Many modern Christians may be surprised to learn that in the time after the resurr ... HTTPURL
positive	" Jesus . Edgar is talking like he 's trying to impress his dad ( in this case , Dana White ) after his 6th straight A + exam . Give him the shot . "
positive	Would love to see Paul Dunne make things interesting tomorrow at @USER . What a great story
neutral	America better wake up ! Many Christians and churches have their heads in the sand and are oblivious to reality ! HTTPURL
positive	" Going to the movies tomorrow to watch Southpaw , Paper Towns , Train Wreck and then Ant-Man again . "
negative	@USER u miss the point the IRA were stopped by the Irish but u make excuses 4 muslim death cults & the IRA were not 3rd generation
neutral	" I do have some complaints about this this beautiful Sunday night . First , miley handled that well . Nicki should be ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER World is not only for Muslims , it is for everyone whatever religion and culture they may follow.So live and let live . Wisdom & Truth ! "
neutral	@USER You and i may disagree on Islam dear @USER but you have my 100 % support .
positive	HTTPURL i agree with ice cube
positive	" @USER @USER Deadpool the game coming to PS4 and Xbox One in november " " Awesome " " :) "
positive	Looking forward to going on @USER tomorrow morning at 7:50 am to chat damage control for the iconic Hulk Hogan .
neutral	" @USER Yea , i still rmmbr what Kane said , word for word , he was on stage he said ' AUSTIN , THIS SUNDAY THE BLOOD ON YOU WILL BE FOR REAL " " "
neutral	" @USER did you see the Friday Night Lights spoof that Amy Schumer did ? She had that glass , straight slurping Chardonnay . "
positive	Ok . Foul Play on PS4 is pretty crazy fun-got a 100 hit combo and a helluva adrenlaine rush out of the 1st level !
positive	National hot dog day is July 23rd ! Make sure you make plans to get some dogs ! We will have them ready for you ! :-)
negative	" Here 's the shower who Fine Gael and Unionists commissioned to do " " report " " on IRA in advance of #ge16 HTTPURL #sinnfein #vinb "
positive	@USER @USER Eid festival have only 3 days n some ppl celebrate for 2 days Monday was a last day of Eid
neutral	" @USER Distance-wise , like Real Madrid 's home games in Liverpool : was there Sat saw the mighty Hammers triumph HiltonTeper St Albans UK "
neutral	' Dana White ' appeared on Sunday 13 at the 20th place in the Top 20 of Miami 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	Here 's to the close of another weekend and fun on National Ice Cream Day ! Ready for Monday ? HTTPURL
neutral	" Interesting that search for " " goddell on HTTPURL brings up " " Tom Brady needs to drop it and move on " " as 1st result . "
neutral	Saying goodbye to Frank Gifford and the heyday of Monday Night Football HTTPURL
negative	Just saying Briana got pregnant when she had a bf in March / April and Louis and eleanor had just broken up is n't that just fishy
neutral	" I look over at Matt during SAT class and he 's writing " " Kanye West " " over and over in his book "
positive	" @USER tomorrow morning before work I 'm getting pumpkin coffee from Dunkin , if there is n't any , you 're responsible "
neutral	@USER @USER yes we k Ow for the 14th time today . Kris Bryant hit a walkoff .
neutral	" Aussie share market set to open 2 pct lower Monday - " " Shake it off " " says Amp economist ? More like " " Bad Blood " " #taylorswift #fx #auspol "
positive	Bad Blood playing in the Salon on Eastenders has been the highlight of my Friday night
neutral	Take me down to the river underneath the blood orange sun #MTVSummerStar Katy Perry
negative	The Sun is bullshit 99 % of the time but they 're the ones who said Louis is gonna be a dad and Zayn left and look what happened
negative	Tony Blair bemoans ' tragedy ' ... * spoiler alert * it 's not the tragedy of millions of Middle East deaths HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER rolling stone , ball game , bamma weed , the whole 1st ringside Ep he dropped "
neutral	Kim Kardashian post-baby weight news : How she managed to lose 17 pounds only 10 days after ... : On Monday nigh ... HTTPURL
positive	" Pres Barak Obama , 1st , I wanted to let u know , I luv u . U hv been 1 of the BEST pres in this county , & done GREAT.Howevr , PLS STOP Iran 's Visa VWP "
positive	Tomorrow is going to be the most interesting ' Sunday ' at a major championship in recent memory . Wishing Paul Dunne best of luck #TheOpen
positive	BOOM ! Another strikeout for David Price ! #BlueJays up 3-0 heading to the BTM of the 4th ! #GoJaysGo
positive	" FACT : In the week after @USER released his 3rd album titled " " Dirty Sprite 2 " " , Gucci noticed a 75 % increase in flip flop sales "
neutral	I do n't think Nunes wins in a match up versus Rousey but it 's an intriguing match up for sure . HTTPURL
neutral	" CJI MAY hear Yakub 's latest petition at 2.Way to go PB ! Wtvr else you might say , he 's one of the BEST PIL lawyers in the country.Return to AAP "
neutral	Last day to grab offers - Buy Moto G 3rd Gen Online from Flipkart at Best Price ( + 8 Launch Offers ) - HTTPURL #ReadForGreed
negative	Kendrick said a whole bunch of nothing on that Black Friday something but you people say e be verse of the moment .
neutral	" @USER Hi there . On behalf of Ira , may I know if you still experiencing the same concern ? Thank you . "
negative	Yakub may not be hanged because Hindus are not united . This is the sad and bitter truth . Live with it .
neutral	" In spite of claims by George Osborne to be fixing the roof whilst the sun is shining , structural weaknesses persist - HTTPURL "
neutral	" FT Barcelona 2-3 Valencia | Barcelona lose a league game at the Camp Nou for the first time since 21 April 2012 ( Real Madrid , 1-2 ) "
neutral	The Foo Fighters are at BT Murrayfield Stadium next Tuesday night . Book a table with is for dinner or drinks ... HTTPURL
neutral	" :| " " @USER : ABC | Real Madrid will announce he signing of De Gea on January 1st . He will stay for 6 seasons and will come for free . " " "
neutral	I 'm sorry to any Christians I may have offended but I 'm an atheist & if you have an issue with that just unfollow now #ThingsJesusNeverSaid
positive	Happy birthday to my dude @USER ! Jason Aldean bout to be live come the 5th
negative	" I still can't believe my laptop charger broke ... It may take me a while to replace it as well , so PS4 streams are taking over the channel ! "
negative	World View : Israel and Hezbollah May Be Close to War Again - Barack sides with Iran / Palestine . #tcot . #ccot . #tgdn HTTPURL
neutral	" Iran may want to wipe Israel off the map & ISIS may think Palestine will be the Jews graveyard , but God has a much different point of view ! "
positive	Look out for the 2012 Rolling Stone special release 1 September 2015 ! 96 points James Halliday . #aussiewine HTTPURL
neutral	Serie A : Juve win 6th straight ; Milan booed : Reigning champions Juventus burst back into the Serie A title rac ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER but whats 30m to utd when we paid 36m for a 19yr old ? lol Real Madrid can buy him in Jan if they want
positive	@USER David Price getting you excited to watch the Jays play again . #11ks #wins October baseball ? HTTPURL
neutral	Kim Kardashian may be onto something with these new emojis tbh
positive	" I am going to see Ed Sheeran , live , in the 14th row . I 'm in disbelief "
negative	Those who say Ahmediya is true Islam are ignorant . May Allah Pak show them the right path #AhmadiyyaIsNotIslam
neutral	Dana White is about to make bank this Saturday
neutral	Video of Niall in the US Open ( New York 02 / Sept ) - Jessenia HTTPURL
positive	@USER I can't wait to get Watchman tomorrow ... more because I want to see her maturation as a writer . Forensic reading .
positive	@USER @USER Kendrick did his beat better than he did hahaha Coles Black Friday was weak sauce
neutral	" Rousey 's fight may have been quick , but the most bad ass fight of all time is Tom Zbikowski v . Robert Bell . "
neutral	You may be on to something tho frfr stranger things have happened . Look at the twilight girl lol HTTPURL
positive	I have to admit John Kasich may be the most competent person on the stage ...
neutral	Ryan Braun hits his 250th career home run in the top of the 1st inning . Brewers get 1 . Cubs coming to bat versus Matt Garza .
neutral	Gucci baggy skin below the eyes pleasure principle mettle may increase the bifurcated thy simple drag gaining ...
neutral	" just finished " " Paper Towns " " , and I have to say , the first part of the book was great , but it started to get boring in the 2nd & the 3rd part "
positive	" Howard , Dandy and Frank Gifford talking the NFL in the Great Somewhere tonight--Monday night . "
neutral	" @USER 5sos , Zayn malik , green day , nirvana , blink - 182 , all American rejects , all time low , me ! phi 's may fire , MCR , panic at the disco "
positive	@USER you guys I see you soon tomorrow OMG omg yay I love you guys so much come to our malls later on today ok I want to see Niall
neutral	the Milan game motivated them or what ... ? - _ - they started scoring after having not scored in 5 out of 7 games ... HTTPURL
negative	" Aside from all this ESPN bullshit , Who do you guys think will have a good game on Thursday , ASIDE from Tom Brady "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER you do realize Chris Evans ' account has been hacked right ? ? or y'all sleeping off a friday night hangover or sth
positive	@USER I 'm not offended by whatever you may have said . I respect you and remain a Hulk Hogan fan . You 're much bigger than the WWE .
negative	" I just want to watch Friday with every human that I can't stand . Just so Ice Cube and Chris Tucker can " " Bye Felicia " " all you dumb bitches . "
negative	@USER @USER That 's Ashley in the 1st pic not Briana but the pregnancy is still fake af
neutral	Usain Bolt lookin ' like he running like that one kid in school who was a little - too - into Naruto . HTTPURL
negative	" But hey , Caitlyn Jenner may be a woman now but she was a rich white man not too long ago . The privilege never went away "
positive	Frank Gifford who also was a great broadcaster on Monday Night Football was the perfect role for our kids regardless of where they were born
neutral	" @USER The pride flag ppl certainly do n't " " love " " Christians and do n't want to " " include " " them in 1st amendment protection . Stop the hate ! "
neutral	When you see @USER on Monday night raw in a seth rollins shirt @USER @USER #MondayNightRAW
neutral	" Kanye West is running for president , but that may have just been the weed talking : HTTPURL ( WireImage ) HTTPURL "
positive	" You know it 's been a great weekend when you spend $ 50 in dunkin donuts on fri , sat , and sunday . "
negative	@USER People have no interest in Rahul Gandhi . He may go to Europe forever . He should take his mother with him .
neutral	" White Sox eager to keep offense clicking : Entering Saturday 's 6-3 victory over the Mariners , the White Sox off ... HTTPURL "
positive	Zac Brown Band in November just wait on it
neutral	" Top Grammy nominees are ... : The nominations for the 58th Grammy Awards were announced Monday morning , and Taylor Swift and Kendrick ... "
positive	Thank so much for joining me tonight ! Have an excellent weekend and I 'll see you Monday ! Iron Maiden ~ Misty ~ ... HTTPURL
neutral	JUST ANNOUNCED : Paul McCartney is coming to the @USER on October 15 for his first ever central PA performance .
neutral	Sam Smith tonight . Probs wo n't have a voice tomorrow .
neutral	Did n't know tomorrow July 30 is also birthday of #Yakubtohang . Thinking tonight of what is going through Yakub 's mind & if he is remorseful
neutral	frank ocean actually dropped his album for those of you that do n't know . dropped the 30th . it 's in spotify
positive	Ca n't wait till the album on the 4 Sept ... Iron Maiden - Speed Of Light . @USER #ironmaiden HTTPURL
positive	@USER Wednesday will be spent on Eid Milan . And then the Eid hangover for next two days followed by weekend .
neutral	Bellarmine Prep drives all the way to the Curtis 6 . Bendixen 23 - yard FG way left and misses . 0-0 - = 4:27 / 1st .
neutral	" Check out red carpet looks from Cate Blanchett , Elizabeth Debicki & Teresa Palmer at the 5th AACTA Awards HTTPURL "
positive	" Watching " " Trainwreck " " for the 2nd time with my girls . Hilarious ! ! ! Love Amy Schumer ! #Trainwreck #JohnCena #AmySchumer "
negative	Fucking November 7 ! Tickets on sale for both 5SOS and The Vamps that day . Making me feel so really broke !
neutral	One of the 1st Bono references by Ohio Gov . John Kasich of the 2016 campaign ... and now Tim Tebow too HTTPURL via @USER
positive	How powerful music is ... Kendrick released Alright and it was used / sang in a march by demonstrators ! Cassper ... HTTPURL
positive	" Sunday morning at the First Church of George Harrison , aka listening to All Things Must Pass . ( The best Sunday morning album ever ? ) "
positive	" Cruising through town , windows down blaring Jason Aldean with a Chey that 's a perfect Sunday afternoon "
positive	@USER you picked a great game . My 1st reg season game : David cone 's perfect game in 99 . I was visiting NYU and catching iron maiden .
positive	" @USER Yeah but to be fair Tony Blair was n't around in the age of Twitter , He may still visit The Hague hopefully ! "
neutral	@USER although that may be true I will never bow to Dunkin . Regardless of how bludgeoned it may leave me
neutral	Who 's gonna be the 3rd Shield member ? Eric Rowen ? Samoa Joe ? Seth Rollins ? ( Impossible but I would still mark out ! ) #RAW
positive	" @USER What did you say to Tony Blair to make him tell you to sit down and stop being bad , may I ask ? Found it funny , is all . "
neutral	" #Cubs Beat #Rockies 9-8 on Kris Bryant 's Walk-off 2 - Run HR in 9th ; Starlin Castro 2-4 with 2 RBIs , Carlos Gonzalez 2 HRs #COLvsCHC "
negative	" It 's kind of annoying that all the things that I got picked on for in the 6th grade is suddenly popular . Ex : Justin Bieber , and Crocs . #okay "
neutral	Details make Watchman 's origins seem even more mysterious . And now perhaps a 3rd book ? #GoSetAWatchman #HarperLee HTTPURL
neutral	Raven-Symone - - Kim & Kanye Sorta Came To My 30th ( PHOTOS ): Raven-Symone could n't get the real Kim Kardashian ... HTTPURL
positive	" Nicki my fav , she slaying everyone and they momma ' sat the VMAs , God bless "
positive	Friday evening at the movies . Hope Paper Towns is good .
neutral	" 2 Red Sox vs Blue Jays tickets for tonight 's game . $ 100 / each . Seats located behind first base . C'mon , do n't be a cheapskate , BUY THEM ! "
neutral	There 's nowhere I 'd rather be on a Sunday night than DQ when it 's National Ice Cream Day and 90 degrees #sarcasm
neutral	Tell it Rolling Stone HTTPURL @USER
neutral	Kanye West becomes the 1st rapper ever to be on the cover of The New Yorker Magazine ... but something looks a bit off HTTPURL
neutral	@USER I can see that fam ... Have you heard Kendrick lamar Black Friday ?
negative	" More like boring eagles " " " @USER : C'mon bro , Go out and support the Super Eagles #RT @USER : I hate international breaks "
negative	#Nationals #mlb David Wright returns to the Mets Monday night . That 's not necessarily a good thing . HTTPURL
neutral	" Write around the Murray starts tonight , but I think napping may be what wins . #WAM2015 "
positive	I attended Tulo 's final game in a Rockies uniform tonight . And witnessed a Kris Bryant walk-off homer . Not a bad Monday .
negative	" I think the Big Brother show has become so scripted , that it may be time to cancel it entirely . Time for something new . #BB17 "
neutral	Off to Dubai tomorrow - looking forward to seeing how the industry feels post Ramadan and EID . Keep you posted .
neutral	" I guessed Straight Outta Compton was about Usher , G Easy , Kanye West , Chris Brown , or Macklemore , b4 I was told the 3rd person is Ice Cube . "
neutral	@USER it 's all Gucci I 'll be at school tomorrow
neutral	" I think sure Nicki may have been joking though , if she had real beef I feel like it would be a lil scarier . "
neutral	Y'all know Ice Cube gone make a movie called Friday ? #StraightOuttaCompton
positive	" Starting Friday on a great note . Just saw " " Montage of Heck . " " I love the fact that " " Nirvana " " was my generation . #Nirvana "
positive	" Hearing a few tracks from Sam Smith . He may work out singing the new Bond 007 " " Spectre " " song . May be a good choice for vocal . "
negative	" It may be controversial , but from the wholesale approval of Corbyn , I am reminded of Tony Blair . He could do no wrong as well . "
neutral	" John Kasich was the 1st one to bring up Reagan , points down for him #Future #GOPDebate "
neutral	John Kasich says if he were ' King of America ' he 'd ban teachers ' lounges @USER May I suggest he wave goodbye to the White House ?
neutral	Ryan Braun drives double off CF fence with one down in 8th . Just missed 250th career HR .
neutral	" Few people remember or ever knew that in his rookie season , Tom Brady , in the Pats ' pecking order of quarterbacks on the team , was 4th . 4TH ! "
negative	@USER Is n't TNA 's TV deal gonna be done by the time Big Brother ends ? Austin may want to find Jeff Jarrett 's number ...
positive	Absolutely awesome interview with Paul Dunne just now . Kinda pulling for the amateur to lift the jug tomorrow .
neutral	What time is the Wagner vs Curtis game Friday ?
positive	@USER Hello Robin I will be in New York on oct 2 and I 'm a cancer survisor as well as a post op transwoman lets talk about Caitlyn Jenner
positive	Today 's the day ! The sun is shining ! It is Star Wars Day my friends !
positive	Baron Corbin might actually have the 2nd best job in the world next to Brock Lesnar Arrive Squash / Get Paid Leave Repeat
positive	Caitlyn Jenner dons shift dress with a leather jacket for Kylie 's 18th birthday HTTPURL
positive	Prince George playing in his magical playground may be the cutest thing we can ever imagine HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci bags shadow fearlessness february obtain the dyad your idiosyncratic trendy reckoning until artist spark ...
negative	The only reason I 'm watching Ant-Man is cause of 5 $ Tuesday this is definitely something you wait to watch at home
positive	Preseason is over and the season officially starts next Thursday . Bonus for @USER and Tom Brady is back for week 1 . Here we go .
neutral	@USER @USER Super Eagles goalkeeper Carl Ikeme is the only player Sunday Oliseh has in this flat-footed team
neutral	@USER David Bowie has a new song out about a real star that may be surrounded by an alien structure HTTPURL
positive	" Sunday Candy is a better song than U2 or Temper Trap have ever written . And it 's a rapper and his live band , so , "
neutral	... which unfortunately did n't happen but India 's Dawood funded ecosystem is trying its best to 2nd guess the judicial system to save Yakub .
positive	1st thing I did after baggage claim was get up to date with @USER . Bad Blood Ronna & Bev style makes being home a bit more okay
positive	" Hey ! Our August book , Go Set a Watchman by Harper Lee is out tomorrow for all you eager readers ! "
neutral	" @USER liam got 29 tattooed on on his body , zayn left on the 25th , there are 4 members left , therefore ziam is real . "
neutral	@USER Curtis my man do you have a stream for tomorrow ?
neutral	Official explanation of Saudi Arabia on Syrian refugee crisis . May Allah aid the rulers of the Kingdom . HTTPURL
negative	" I agree to an extent , it 's 2nd worst after Naruto HTTPURL "
positive	" Say what you want about George Osborne , he is a tremendous orator and political operator . Bookies may as well pay out now him replacing DC "
neutral	This week is all about our show themes . Today : DAVID BOWIE Why David Bowie never changed his name ! Fall show SAT ! HTTPURL
neutral	David de Gea to join Real Madrid in the January transfer window ? : 4/11 no ; 2/1 yes . #MUFC
negative	" Niall posts three pictures in a day . None of them are of him . Tuesday , why are you so cruel ? "
neutral	Brewers RF Ryan Braun gets a day off Tuesday vs . Cubs HTTPURL #RyanBraun #FantasyBaseball
neutral	@USER yo you should check out that joint by Kendrick Lamar and j Cole call black Friday
negative	@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER Hope The Sun does n't face the fate of Charlie Hebdo .
neutral	Ran into wrestling legend Hulk Hogan at the world famous Patsy 's Italian Restaurant in NYC Thursday night ! HTTPURL
positive	" Her name in the movie was Janet Cook , funny , Janet Jackson is also born on May 16th . "
neutral	John Cena Vs Seth Rollins RAW July 27th 2015 Cena Won by making the fake Champ T by @USER - HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	" Come on , Murray ! ! Anderson hitting the ball like there 's no tomorrow "
neutral	Josh Hamilton hits a 2 - run homer in the 7th to break 0-0 tie w / SF .
neutral	" On Monday , the Christians stood on the grass and sang " " I am a Child of God . " " The marriage equality activists ... HTTPURL "
positive	Are you guys ready for Brock Lesnar to return on Monday Night Raw ? ! ? ! Too bad I already wore his shirt last Monday . I gotta wash it soon .
positive	I just learned that July 19 is National Ice Cream Day . MUST CELEBRATE ! Frosty Paws for ALL ! ( that 's as close as I 'm getting to ice cream )
neutral	" There may not have been a transfer of players between the 2 clubs last night but Real Madrid caught the " " We did not want him anyway " " disease "
negative	@USER @USER Dana White said the Bellagio had to freeze payouts for an hour Sat because they lost all the money in their safe .
neutral	Lucky for Shawn you do n't need spell check and good grammar to participate in a radio debate . #TroyCrazy #CohoesNuts HTTPURL
neutral	Imagine Zayn comes out on the 2nd part of CFMF
positive	" Thank you Curtis ! Because of you , more children in our community have the food they need . HTTPURL "
neutral	Murray down 0-30 but strings four in a row to stay alive . Up 6-5 . Can break here to win the set and serve first again in the 2nd ...
neutral	My prediction about David Price --> HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	" By Joe Hemba DAMATURU , Nigeria , July 10 ( Reuters ) - Boko Haram islamist militants attacked the northern Nigerian town of Buni Yadi in Yobe "
neutral	Request for ppl in media : Dont take the opinions of organisations ( however religious they may be ) as the voice of Muslims . They DO NOT .
positive	I have a lot of plans for my day tomorrow . And by that I mean I 'm going to accidentally play Dark Souls for 5 hours . & still whine about it .
positive	I may have only made 5 second eye contact with Niall but I feel like he understands me now
positive	Nothing like it November ... @USER @USER and U2 ... Christmas is definitely early !
positive	i 'm meeting justin bieber in april ... i do n't think i 'll ever shutup about this .
positive	" @USER lol jk , Kane is too valuable . Teams would have to give up 1st liners for him . Dude was 2nd in scoring on the team . "
positive	" Finally . After waiting for SOOOOO LOOOONG . Paper Towns is out , even though it 's still midnight ( normal sched probably starts on Thursday ) "
neutral	" #UFC192 in Houston but waiting for @USER to make McGregor vs Aldo , Rousey vs Tate December 5th in Dallas official "
neutral	Yoga can improve sex and may even prevent and treat sex problems by increasing the overall health of the cardiovascular system .
positive	I can't wait for the concert of #r5 Sete you @USER in Milan on 20 September ! I love you @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER
neutral	" With respect , and I agree with so much you say ... we can't eg . , change Thursday to 4thday because Thor did n't exist HTTPURL "
neutral	so Shawn IS going to be on Kelly and Michael tomorrow
neutral	Josh Hamilton just hit a record 28 HR in the 1st round of the 2008 Home Run Derby . 5 HR for Chase Utley . He saves them for when it counts .
neutral	Saudi Arabia says it will host Syria opposition meet on Tuesday HTTPURL via @USER
negative	" Holy s * * t , Navas will not make it in Milan HTTPURL "
negative	FYI this pic is actually from the Charlie Hebdo tragedy in January . French police are advising people to not gather . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER @USER swapping Kane for Giroud week 4 . Hazard is a waste of coin as well so he may go next & bring in Yaya or Kun
negative	Just pulled a Dustin Johnson on the 18th at Castle Creek and do n't know if I 've ever been this depressed
positive	the 1st Kendrick song I heard & I knew I would love him forever after that HTTPURL
neutral	" August 17 , 2015 Presidential Candidate Carly Fiorina at the Iowa State Fair ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER may as well bring me back to life just to end my life again because SAM SMITH is doing it instead
positive	" @USER @USER Yahweh willing , may all the Jews of the world reunite in Israel and find their stay . Jewry migration today . "
positive	" Been listening to Sam smith in my sleep for the past 2 hours now I 'm getting steak for my dinner , can Sunday 's get any better ? "
neutral	" . @USER Stardust as Gollum , Undertaker as Sauron , Kane as the Witch King , the Ascension as Uruk Hai , Wyatts as the Ring Wraiths c'mon . "
neutral	I have to get a picture of what I think beauty is for homework . I 'll just print a picture of Tom Brady or me . - The 6th Grader I nanny
neutral	" @USER Bitch I 'm Nicki you Iggy , I 'm Romans Revenge you Black Friday , I 'm Nickis Flawless you Lil Kim 's Flawless , I 'm Tink you Chanel West "
negative	My Eyes ! My Eyes ! Kim Kardashian 's wedding dress is on the tele . How does someone make Givenchy look so cheap & bad ? #Sunday Hilarious !
negative	@USER @USER i seized some in our neighborhood on EID 's 2nd day but faced some anger frm their families ' side :( so gave thm back
positive	@USER January 8th then we can have a cool shared birthday with David Bowie
positive	" Holy crap ! watched @USER ' s promo when signing the contract to face Seth Rollins . WOW ! " " This Sunday , I 'm gonna make you mine " " ( bitch ) "
positive	Live ass Kendrick concert with my boy Harper lastnight live ass Rockets game with my boy Woodley Saturday NS won my weekend was great
positive	Mr . Murray gave me some really great life advice in the 7th grade and I was too much of a little douchebag to appreciate it .
neutral	" @USER @USER 8 IP , 3 H , 11 K in 1st start as a #BlueJay ... are you talking about a different David Price ? #ace "
negative	If you say you 're lesbian but you can't be friends with straight guys because you are afraid of what may happen between y'all . YOU AINT GAY !
positive	5th grade me and luh Jeff memorized all the NWA songs . Lol then I learned all Easy E and Ice Cube solo career songs I really been wit it
positive	@USER did you see it 's gonna be Kanye on sat instead of frank ocean ?
positive	" Remembering 14 years death of George Harrison , one of the best guitarist ever ( 25 February 1943 - 29 November 2001 ) "
neutral	@USER If it were an actual battle Naruto would murk luffy so far back six paths > > gear 4th
negative	" Thanks George Bush & Tony Blair , you are both the reason for all this starting in the 1st place ! "
positive	500 wishes ? ! Wow . John Cena is literally one of the greatest humans to walk the earth . 1st class all the way .
neutral	Real sentence : Josh Donaldson drove in Troy Tulowitzki with his 29th HR of the season to give David Price and the #BlueJays the lead .
neutral	@USER Forgotten 5th starter of the presumptive world champion 1994 White Sox .
positive	" Love or hate , Ryan Braun is playing some fantastic baseball as of late . @USER may be out of it , but it 's not because of him . #justsaying "
positive	" Tomorrow is going to be my tenth time seeing Shawn perform , I 'm so lucky to be able to even once , this is so insane "
positive	Hacked by Keelan 's girlfriend <3 <3 <3 <3 Just kidding I just beat Dark Souls 2 for the 10th time I have my priorities straight .
neutral	AL 6-2 NL ( B9 ) Ryan Braun the last batter to be used by the NL and he squeezes it up the 1st base line for a triple ! Surely not ...
neutral	Racist Mad Libs : Islam is ___ with ___ HTTPURL
neutral	" Raissman : Frank Gifford made Monday Night Football work : Gifford , who died Sunday morning of natural causes at age 84 , was one of the ... "
neutral	" Record 12,000 candidates register for Iran 's February election - about 40 for each seat HTTPURL "
neutral	" Picturehouse 's , Pink Floyd 's , ' Roger Waters : The Walll - opening 29 Sept is now making waves . Watch the trailer on Rolling Stone - look ... "
neutral	Rahul should carry some Meow Meow with him when he goes to FTII Pune - he may relive his gods old bad days of Nirvana in a Cigar pipe
positive	Monday = Lana 's single ! Tuesday = FINALLY GOING TO COME #FACETOFACE with A ! Wednesday = Sam Smith Concert !
positive	" REMINDER : NATIONAL HOT DOG DAY - This Thursday , July 23 from 5-7 pm on the Village Green . Grilled dogs with all the ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER From one messianic cause , to the cause of religious liberty for Muslims . Is that what you are referring to as the 2nd ? "
negative	@USER Palestinian citizens of Israel are treated as 3rd class citizens . You just proved that calling them Arabs instead of Israeli
positive	@USER Who do you have winning this Sunday ? The Undertaker or Brock Lesnar
neutral	" Frank Gifford , who helped make Monday Night Football what it is today , dies at age 84 . RIP . #FrankGifford #MNF HTTPURL "
neutral	" Oh you know , just making sure my schedule tomorrow allows me to watch SHARKNADO 3 "
negative	John cent vs Seth Rollins : am I the only one who 's not gonna be happy Sunday in the John cena vs Seth Rollins ... HTTPURL
positive	Black Friday is one of the best songs Kendrick has done
neutral	@USER My girlfriend is a prime case . Has gotten big into U2 lately but didnt know the words to Gloria / Party Girl / Electric Co / October
positive	" Lord , I pray that you would give Christians ( including me ) bigger desire for justice . May we cry out to you with more ferventness & urgency ! "
positive	" Gonna stream Umineko again on Tuesday or Wednesday . Will probably hit the second twilight at least , I hope . "
positive	@USER WOO ! ! dude I thought it was tomorrow and I was like trippin but we Gucci .. It was nice
neutral	GOP candidate Scott Walker wants to make a wall between canada and the U . S . Good luck making that wall between Nov and March .
negative	" Carly Fiorina is in danger of missing the top 10 debate AGAIN : CNN criteria : 12th place , 1.9 % . Post first-debate polls : 7th place , 5.0 % . "
neutral	Who else is going to be singing the Sharknado soundtrack at work tomorrow ? #Sharknado3
negative	@USER Agreed . Lots of slappy play . And today more mistakes that helped Red Sox score those 8 runs in the 4th .
neutral	" Off to Lowell today to shoot the NY-P debut of Red Sox 8th round pick , Logan Allen . "
negative	" @USER @USER small words ms Curtis , he 's still a 4th grader mentally "
negative	" Chad sentences Boko Haram members to death for June attacks : Recent months , however , have seen the group stage ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Yo I forgot to mention that I saw @USER in Saturday and I think he 's super rad . And s / o to vessels cause their new stuff is Gucci
positive	I may only be three chapters in but Go Set a Watchman is proving to be a very promising classic in the making . #book #HarperLee
neutral	@USER I 'm watching the first half until Big Brother . It 's like the 8th string players at this point .
neutral	Just another typical Saturday ! ! ! Madison is reenacting the @USER Bad Blood video with her Dolls
neutral	" Paul Dunne , amateur co-leader at The Open , entered the tourney at 1500:1 odds ( via @USER ) and entered Sunday at 300:1 @USER . "
positive	@USER and it has some cracking 3rd party downloadable games too . PS4 is more of a long-term console with OKish games at the mo imo
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER it Gucci but I would personally prefer sunday
neutral	" @USER you 're serving big tonight , you 'll play Murray on Monday and you 'll struggle to get your first serves in play . "
negative	Dunkin may be discontinuing the iced apple cider for fall and the basic bitch in me is crying ...
neutral	The passing of Frank Gifford reminded me how great sports used to be before the ESPN 's wrecked . Monday Night Football was an event
negative	I really fucks with @USER and @USER .. Every Friday they play Katy perry last Friday night ( TGIF ) @USER #TGIF
negative	The just-passed ( this past Friday ) PATH Act is expanding an IRA owner 's ability to avoid the 10 % penalty on a ... HTTPURL
negative	" @USER Tell us abou the teenagers Saudi Arabia is chopping heads off . C'mon , peope want to know . #BoycottSaudiArabia "
positive	" @USER Just listened to Black Friday , Kendrick just dumped a truckload of bars onto that beat , boy went HARD ! "
neutral	Frank Gifford : The Glory Game : How the 1958 NFL Championship Changed Football Forever by Frank Gifford ( 18 - Nov - 2008 ) HTTPURL
negative	I wanna go to the kendrick concert tomorrow but thats like a death trap
neutral	it 's july 59 and frank ocean 's album still is n't out yo
neutral	" Dunkin ' Donuts on #Yelp : Sunday , shades , DD coffee and playtime under the Florida palms . HTTPURL "
neutral	Saturday night : Paul McCartney 's solo album spinning on the Crosley and a pile of graphic novels from the library in bed under xmas lights
neutral	" @USER I 'm due to see foo fighters on Sunday and I 've bought car parking tickets , it does n't state on the ticket which car park to use "
positive	Welcome to Lukmon Osukoya 's Blog : Boko Haram may be receiving its funding from the p ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Tark may become another Suleman Rushdi as he thinks negativity rather positivity of Islam which is also a abnormal phenomenon .
negative	" @USER You may have noticed that militant atheists , being the cowards they are , prefer to pick on Christians . "
neutral	Why is Rousey worried bout money may pay and I 'm pretty sure they not even in the same tax bracket
positive	" I may have just left my dad to watch Naruto alone , while I go to sleep . Im @USER amused . "
positive	" Last day of the best tour I 've been on . " " Bad Blood " " single @USER / @USER single on Friday . Life rules ! HTTPURL "
positive	" GN everyone . PLZ pray for @USER @USER Saeed , Raif , Christians , Yezidis , Babies , Soldiers , THE WORLD ! May God Be with you all . "
negative	" i want to log against Flipkart and Moto G 3rd generation , who is given certificate to sell the product in India , "
neutral	@USER I think you may be confusing @USER with Thor . ( Easily done . )
positive	Foo Fighters tomorrow night with @USER and @USER . Ayyeeee
positive	@USER with consecutive bunts to David Wright . 1st is perfect for base hit . DW makes trademark barehanded grab . 2nd is SAC . #Mets
neutral	" In a way Spurs are n't really getting a 2nd ST if they want the 2nd ST to be like Kane . Son , N'Jie , Pato ? do n't drop back as well . Maybe Son . "
neutral	" I 'm calling it right now , Frank Ocean is dropping his new album this Tuesday . "
neutral	@USER Italy may refuse to return navy persons Massimillano and Girone who killed fishermen following the act done to Yakub
neutral	John Cena has just Turned Heel ! ! ! #DownGoesStewart #JonStewartCena #Raw HTTPURL
positive	" Today , Thursday , is National Hot Dog Day and Vanilla Ice Cream Day ! Which would you rather go with ? Who wants ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Few games gone with serve . Murray now leads 5-4 in 3rd set . Anderson will now serve to stay in the set #USOpen
neutral	" Dustin Johnson wo n't be able to ground his club in the same bunker on the 18th hole , even if he wanted to . READ : HTTPURL "
neutral	" #Assad may be dictator , but he ruled over secular state that protected minorities , Christians , Alawite , others #Syria HTTPURL "
positive	" Oh my god , Sharknado in space ! This is even cooler the 2nd time ! #Sharknado3 "
neutral	" Wade Miley tagged for five earned runs : Tuesday against the White Sox , Boston starter Wade Miley surrendered f ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Sinead O'Connor calls out Rolling Stone for putting Kim Kardashian on the cover - Minneapolis Sun Times HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Correct on the Red Sox , no Orioles . Ruf - Alternate jersey , base from 1st career HR & 2 game-used bats "
neutral	Since Dean Ambrose has n't got a match this Sunday at #WWEBattleground . Do you think he 'll interfere in the Roman / Bray match ? #HeelTurn
positive	The 2nd day of the 3 day weekend and I 'm up playing #UntilDawn on PS4 . Even @USER know today will be a good day ! #LaborDayWeekend
positive	@USER so how was the unity March I see Chuck Norris was there !
positive	Make sure to watch Sharknado 3 Hell No tomorrow ! @USER is in the movie ! but you 'll have to find her ;)
negative	God save them as Rahul Gandhi going to announce private sector reservation very soon . HTTPURL
positive	I dunno if I 'm more pumped up for football season or just to watch Tom Brady curb stomp the Steelers tomorrow like he curb stomped Goodell
neutral	Next Wed our online book club is chatting John Green 's Paper Towns ! Join the Facebook event to chat ! HTTPURL #MomsReading
neutral	Any chance Floyd Mayweather is going to announce his opponent for September 12th ?
neutral	" @USER she dodged so many evictions and won 5 competitions ( HOH and POV ) she may be a " " liar " " but shes playing the game of big brother "
neutral	" @USER @USER c'mon Stuart , that 's a straw man . We are not at war with Iran no matter how much the neocons want it . "
neutral	5H and the multiple delays of their 1st album drove me to kpop ... I hope they 're happy
neutral	The scene when Ice Cube raps @USER the club for the 1st time . Man .
neutral	" #ProWrestlingHasTaughtMe no matter what crimes Hulk Hogan commits , you can never un-wear your 4th grade Halloween costume . "
positive	I can't wait for it to be January 1st and Frank Ocean fans are still crying they ain't get an album
positive	" @USER From what I understand the PC beta is the best , PS4 was good , ad Xbox is atrocious . Just got to level 2 . After my 7th game . "
neutral	" Rob Ford on Scott Walker : " " I do n't think ( he ) has a chance down there . " " HTTPURL "
positive	" Watching @USER make Josh Hamilton whiff is a wonderful , wonderful thing . C'mon @USER . HTTPURL "
negative	I just remembered im not going to the Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow so nobody talk to me tomorrow its gonna be a horrible day .
positive	" Our Connect event is Sept 13 . Come for worship , food & connecting with Christians at #UWaterloo . All are welcome ! HTTPURL "
negative	Kim Kardashian 's body . I would break things and push people with my huge ass butt . HTTPURL
neutral	" Kris Bryant on #theneeds , check it out ! HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER may be what u want to ask me is what is the punishment for blasphemy in Pakistan ? That has nothing to do with the prophet 's Islam
positive	If I just got a justin Bieber cd tomorrow id be happy .
neutral	Ant-Man was ok . Nothing amazing but Marvel evil for having me sit through the longest credits to see the 2nd end credit scene .
neutral	I still remember like 3 years ago . Zayn told Harry that he was leaving the band on February 30th but he was joking and he said Harry cried +
neutral	Every 250 Supporters = 1 min of Punkrag & The Fox : 1st animated feature film with gay heroes ! HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	I hope Niall 's day was better than the other day.hope tomorrow goes good also
positive	If John Kasich starts polling better before Super Tuesday he could be my primary vote
neutral	Scared if exo disperse sometimes . Alrdy 4th years since i was on KPOP . But now i realized that this time is the hardest time i 've ever done .
neutral	EXO DO confirms casting for new movie ' Big Brother ' with Jo Jung Suk to start filming in Oct HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Checking out John Kasich 's claim that he was ' one of the chief architects ' of balanced budget HTTPURL via @USER
positive	Literally 5th row Paul McCartney you are phenomenal
neutral	" Jordan asked me why I was requesting the 22nd off & when I tell him I 'm going to see a Kpop group , he tells me how he used to work for a "
negative	" If you do like Amy Schumer , I hope you went & saw her Saturday bc after this ridiculousness , I highly doubt Maine will be on list of faves . "
neutral	@USER will there be more trains available tomorrow from Haymarket into Glasgow due to the Foo Fighters gig ?
neutral	TFI Friday - not half as good as it was ' back in the day ' . All seems rather self-indulgent towards Chris Evans these days ( even more so ! )
neutral	if Ed Sheeran does a surprise performance with someone tomorrow at the VMAs refer back to this tweet
neutral	Curtis recovers opening 2nd half kickoff . St . Paul 's hold them to a field goal . 10-7 . Curtis . 9:04 left in the 3rd HTTPURL
positive	" It 's Star Wars Day at the @USER game on Wednesday ! Win movie tickets , t-shirts & more ! > > HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	Steve Stricker just finished his 1st round . On @USER @USER I 'll have an update and Dustin Johnson on leading . HTTPURL
positive	Kim Kardashian has been looking back fondly on 2015 . On Sunday the siren named her top magazine covers of the year HTTPURL
negative	I wish Mani Shankar Aiyar commit suicide tonight to meet Yakub tomorrow in hell
negative	I have n't even officially started working at Dunkin yet and I already do n't want to go in tomorrow lol
positive	@USER 2nd visit to David Bowie Is last night and I already feel like I should be going again ! Absolutely amazing exhibition ! Thank you ! <3
negative	' 3rd Day of Eid ul fitar Of 2012 ' .. that was the Worst day ever of me ... ! ! & this day always remember as Black Day in my Life .. #BlackDay
positive	" David Wright maybe returning in Philly , you say ? Makes me even more excited for my trip there next Tuesday ... "
positive	" 15-30 on Murray 's serve , but the Scot more up than down finally and grabs the hold of serve with a couple of aces . Andy up 4-3 * 3rd set . "
negative	" Ok , so Kanye West becomes US president means Kim Kardashian is 1st lady .. let it happen ! ! hahaha "
negative	Floyd Mayweather may be the most arrogant human being on the planet but that nigga rich af
neutral	Saw that Dustin Johnson had the long drive Friday @USER just a little over 400 yds at 406 . Go after that Bubba !
positive	As good as David Price would have been imagine what the Yankees may have in Severino for the next 15-20 seasons ... wow
positive	@USER @USER I 'm watching the red carpet for Nicki mostly . They 're gonna air the show tomorrow night so I might go to bed after
negative	Yakub meman Going to hang the credibility of Indian judiciary tomorrow . Rules for mercy and humqnity not for rope .
positive	listening to calibraska for probably the 17th time today :) ) #CalibraskaEP @USER @USER HTTPURL
neutral	If I 'm Holly Holm I think I go to Dana White & hold him hostage . But I may just enjoy chaos a little too much
positive	Not bashing on Calibraska because I liked it but true because so many girls are not here for the music . HTTPURL
negative	Salman you may be a celebrity but that does n't mean you have the licence to say Yakub is innocent.Just stick to acting .
neutral	" Rahul Gandhi held Indian citizenship from day one : Congress : New Delhi , Nov 18 : Dismissing BJP leader Subraman ... HTTPURL "
positive	The best thing I 've heard all day was the fact Islam comes home tomorrow
neutral	" Dustin Johnson would be - 13 , tied for 5th if he simply bogeyed the first instead of puttin ' up a snowman . "
neutral	" @USER Djokovic has worse antics than Murray in my opinion . But he 's my 2nd fav player , after King Roger . "
neutral	Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh has described the 0-0 draw against Tanzania as satisfactory considering it was ... HTTPURL
negative	very bold of CNN to show the Hulk Hogan sex tape during the GOP debate tomorrow ... at least we can see disappointing dicks on 2 channels now
negative	#FunFacts about Arlene Foster 1st DUP leader to have been involved in an IRA bomb . 1st DUP leader to hail from West of the Bann .
positive	" Okay that 's pretty cool of you , Justin Bieber . HTTPURL "
positive	Fair warning to my ' non U2 followers ' I will be tweeting and RT'ing heavily #U2Request between now and the end of Sep 1st . Mute if you want .
neutral	" Look who 's here , it 's the sell out and the man who broke John Cena 's nose this past monday on #RAW , Seth Rollins #WWE #SmackDown "
negative	" C'mon Christine , even you know Tony Blair is a has been . @USER HTTPURL "
neutral	" Why would anyone do this ? If imagining Trump as a hot guy is your thing , just write a fanfic where he gets Freaky Friday 'd with Chris Evans "
positive	seeing Paul McCartney sing Blackbird live tonight may or may not be the highlight of my life so far
neutral	Monday Inniit Boi Entertainment Eye Candy with the world 's famous * Janet Jackson * @USER age 50 ... Black is ... HTTPURL
negative	I do n't know if my eyes could handle this match what a big fucker may God give Dean Ambrose the power to beat this monster #RAW
positive	I have many fond memories of sneaking up past my bedtime to watch Frank Gifford on Monday Night Football . We 'll miss you man .
negative	" Anyone saying they 're supporting #HillaryClinton b / c " " it 's time for a woman President " " is LYING unless their 2nd choice is Carly Fiorina . #p2 "
positive	I 've given it some thought over the holidays and think Justin Bieber may be cool now .
positive	@USER omg yes ! ! Then I 'll be in Milan for my birthday on the 5th ! !
positive	Chris Evans Genre Radio Show 07.11 . 2015 Gothic music and other genres share if you like #goth #alternativemusic HTTPURL
negative	@USER the soldiers on duty on bloody Sunday did not get a letter from tony Blair then
neutral	I 'll tell you guys about Paper Towns tomorrow alright
negative	Why are Niall and Camila even trending ? ? I bet Directioners are just really bored ! ! GO STUDY ! ! YOU HAVE SCHOOL ON MONDAY ! !
positive	" Nothing better than a pump-up video to a @USER song . " " Bad Blood " " coming to you at @USER vs Cosmos on Sat . #MyMasterpiece "
neutral	From Jan : Heartrending artistic tributes to Charlie Hebdo and the power of the pen HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	" I figured Sharknado was played out at # 2 & tonight we get # 3 ? I wo n't be watching , just like the 1st 2 "
negative	One of pop music 's ugliest feuds kicked off at the MTV Video Music Awards in Los Angeles on Sunday when Nicki ... HTTPURL
positive	" open 24/7 = open on the 24th of July #carrefour you r doing it right @USER Milan , Italy HTTPURL "
neutral	" Cattle market to be set up at Super Highway from Aug 15 : KARACHI : In connection with Eid ul Azha , the cattle m ... HTTPURL "
negative	" being gay in general is haram in Islam . but if you 're a Muslim that 's gay , then May Allah guide you . "
neutral	Just caught the end of TFI Friday . Chris Evans is like the Harold Zidler of Wetherspoons .
positive	Last night & tonight < < < hopefully a better one tomorrow Milan
positive	@USER Sat my daughter down and we watched 12 Monkeys . Changed her mind about what a really good movie is ( NOT Twilight )
neutral	' Prince George ' appeared on Tuesday 21 at the 15th place in the Top 20 of Manchester 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	" I 'm not kidding , the White Sox are running a promotion called " " Selfie Sunday " " . And they wonder why they 're the 2nd team in the 2nd city "
neutral	" ANKARA , Dec 28 ( Reuters ) - Turkey sees no normalisation in ties with Israel unless its conditions for ending the Gaza blockade and "
neutral	" The new series of Celebrity Big Brother will kick off on Thursday , August 27th , and as you 're sure to be aware by ... HTTPURL "
positive	" The push for October begins and the captain is back to lead the way . Welcome back , David Wright #Mets "
neutral	@USER hes got a new mixtape ? ? Or u mean the small black friday thing with kendrick
neutral	@USER tell me your going to see Paper Towns on monday
neutral	@USER do you know if yall will be looking at hotel info for Ed Sheeran in Houston on September 3rd ?
neutral	What if Caitlyn Jenner is building up the greatest April fools prank of all time ... ? #StillADude ?
neutral	" Why is there rumours going around saying Lady Gaga 's 5th album is titled ' Scorpio Moon " " "
neutral	" John Kasich : ' If I were king in America , I would abolish all teachers ' lounges ' & the 1st Amendment HTTPURL via @USER "
neutral	" @USER In one respect , teams may value Zobrist more highly than Kendrick due to the draft pick compensation tied to Kendrick . "
negative	" #MLBFantasy Johnny Cueto continued his late-season struggles in Sunday 's 7-5 loss to the White Sox , yielding five runs on seven hits ... "
positive	Going to see Paper Towns tonight or tomorrow night ! ! Woohoo I can't wait ! ! ! Thanks for writing the book @USER
neutral	hope I actually take it steady tomorrow night n do n't end up falling out of twilight rocking up home at 6am
negative	Rousey is knocking women out bigger than mayweather in 30 seconds fuck you mean she cant beat may weather in a mma fight
neutral	" Japan and Korea did it in 70 years . India and Pakistan can do it too . And so can eventually , Palestine and Israel . May just take longer . "
neutral	Hulk hogan may love red white and blue but he does n't like black #HulkHogan
positive	" 7th consecutive win , shutout the Yankees , David Price 's second win as a Jay , 2.5 games behind for 1st place in AL East . #LETSGOBLUEJAYS "
neutral	" #BlueJays David Price , 1.61 ERA in 3 August starts , has recorded a sub -3.00 ERA in each of the last 4 months ( dating back to May ) #AceOfJays "
neutral	" Reading " " Naruto " " for the 6th time . "
neutral	If you would have told 7th grade Eleni that I would go see one direction in America without Zayn .. I 'd probably think that you were lying
negative	Damn Foo Fighters and #RickRoll still in my news feed . Now the 2nd night in a row I go to bed with that song in my head . On loop for 7 hrs .
positive	" It 's a beautiful Sunday when ... YOU PURCHASE YOURE JUSTIN BIEBER TI KETS ! ! ! I 'm a beilber at 25 , read it and weep . #jbiebs #yougivemepurpose "
neutral	Tomorrow he 's gonna start upgrading his items and start selling Louis Vuitton belts and Armani jeans and Gucci shoes with all that donation
neutral	Tyldesley says we have n't yet heard the name of the striker to beat Rooneys record 10mins after Kane scores his 3rd in 4 matches #EngvSwi
neutral	" @USER hun i am going to Dublin in march , if you do a tour , do not come to Italy ( Milan ) during the period from the 11th to the 20th pls "
neutral	THE EVIL THAT MEN DO by IRON MAIDEN was no . 5 in the UK charts on 20 August 1988 HTTPURL
positive	Lovely George Harrison story when he was shown first ever Beatles website . Via @USER HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	I swear Dustin Johnson is winning at the end of the 1st - 3rd rounds of every golf major
positive	" 46 yr old vet Serafim Todorov , the last man to beat Floyd Mayweather , makes his return to the ring on Sun . Will fight on card in Bulgaria "
neutral	" Going up St Andrews tomorrow to caddy Paul Dunne , he needs some advice from a pro "
neutral	" For all you that know me ! Hearing about Dark Souls 3 may be getting a pair of collector 's editions , kind of makes ... HTTPURL "
positive	Paul McCartney at @USER on Friday ! I wish I could go back to that day #PaulMcCartney HTTPURL
neutral	John Kasich is now the 16th major Rep HTTPURL #campaign2016 #election #ContentMarketing #infographic #blogging #socialmedia
negative	I know I 'm an asshole for what I 'm about to say but I truly feel this way . I HOPE TOM BRADY HAS A SEASON ENDING INURY WITHIN THE 1ST 4 GAMES
positive	* * SEPTEMBER 12TH * * I 'm on stage live with some huge artists in the city of Long Beach : Ice Cube Ashanti T Pain ... HTTPURL
positive	" @USER trash OL ? Theyve looked excellent so far . Trash RBs ? J-Stew ran for 486 yards in the final 5 games last season , 2nd only to Murray "
neutral	Ice cube left the group and made Friday #spoiler
positive	peter pan august rush the art of getting by just my luck now is good #MTVStars The Vamps HTTPURL
positive	@USER Happy birthday for tomorrow ! May you get the naked Seth Rollins you 've always wanted ;)
neutral	Calibraska is in 8th place in Sweden rn let 's get it to 1 #CalibrasksaEP @USER @USER HTTPURL
positive	@USER Not misinformation .. whoever planned National Hot Dog Day should just know that the 4th of July is actual NHDD
negative	TL ;D R : I 'm literally the 2nd biggest piece of shit in Africa right now next to Boko Haram .
negative	Big Brother was annoying to watch tonight . They all decided to keep an obviously strong opponent over a weak one ? ? ? C'mon ..
positive	Time for Miss USA ! ! ! Go @USER ! ! ! Titans fans she cheers for your team on the sidelines every Sunday ... time to cheer for her now !
negative	" @USER Hey fucker ! Cry as much u want.Ur " " bother " " Yakub is going to be hang tomorrow.Suck it bitch . "
positive	Come check out the cover show encore of Katy Perry featuring Tiina Flank next Friday at The Foundry ! I will be ... HTTPURL
positive	" Wishes this happy occasion on Eid , a very Happy Eid Mubarak ! " " May Allah bring you joy , happiness , peace & ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Bagel day at work tomorrow , means I do n't have to spend my own money at Dunkin "
neutral	" Had a slightly intoxicated conversation about Daredevil , Ant-Man , Civil War , & the MCU . If that 's not a successful Wednesday , then what is ? "
positive	@USER it 's a day of happiness . It 's Star Wars day ! May the Force be with you .
negative	" No , they would n't . Nor would millions of Christians want the 3rd world crap holes they live in . HTTPURL "
neutral	Sheamus hits a Brogue Kick on Randy Orton when both Orton & Kevin Owens were fighting on the floor during the match on Monday Night #RAW
negative	" I wonder if Kerry thinks people who kill abortion doctors have the same " " legitimacy " " as Charlie Hebdo terrorists . HTTPURL "
positive	tomorrow I am going to see Sam Smith live and it still is not real to me
positive	" Cardiff for some beers tonight and London for beers tomorrow night before we fly out to Milan on Friday , let 's get packing ! "
positive	@USER Came here from your Caitlyn Jenner article from June 1st . Totally agreed with you on it and other issues . Being PC goes too far .
neutral	Who 's going to get them Gucci foams tomorrow
neutral	Liam and Niall teasing the 5th album .. #OTRAOttawa ( via @USER ) HTTPURL
neutral	I may have to make a Dunkin run
neutral	" Murray is beaten before the QF of a Grand Slam for the first time in five years . Anderson , magnificent throughout , took 4th set tiebreak 7-0 "
positive	#frugaladventure Sonic Drive In { $ 1 Hot Dogs }: Apparently July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day . If you are a fan ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER oh no haha , I meant he can't sign for Milan now , so Spurs may have more of a chance "
negative	@USER fasho if you can ask Curtis if he got social media tomorrow or whenever that 's be chill I fucked with him heavy
neutral	" Sharknado may not be real , but Firenado is ! Thinking of the firefighters who have been battling these conditions . HTTPURL "
positive	Amy Schumer and Jerry Seinfeld headline a show in support of the 15th anniversary of Baby Buggy HTTPURL via @USER
positive	Olivia Jordan is the 2nd American woman to hold the title of both Miss World America and Miss USA HTTPURL
positive	This Murray vs Anderson match is great . 4 hour match and it 's still in the 4th set .
positive	Thanks to @USER and the @USER I may have stood where Ryan Braun has stood . #winningateverything #otra HTTPURL
negative	Monday was Gucci but then it went downhill
positive	" This is soooo good ! Sunday Jam " " @USER covers Taylor Swift 's Bad Blood in the Live Lounge " " HTTPURL "
positive	Rahul Gandhi expresses solidarity with Chennai flood victims : Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday ... HTTPURL
positive	Cole & Kendrick need to make that joint album ! #Fire Kendrick Lamar & J . Cole - Black Friday HTTPURL
positive	It 's Saturday ! ! ! Bring on the Foo Fighters tonight ! ! ! HTTPURL
neutral	Comment passed by @USER to the effect that MATRON is a dead ringer for Caitlyn JENNER . He may have a point . HTTPURL
positive	" Don ? t worry , console gamers : LawBreakers may still come to the Xbox One , PS4 - HTTPURL "
negative	" . @USER If there 's no law against something , that means it 's legal . Laws against gay marriage violate the 14th Amendment . "
positive	please change the 10th ww trend into Niall and Bianca yes much better !
neutral	@USER Hold on the source that said Zayn dumped perrie over text was also the sun and 99 % of LM fans believe it !
positive	" Thanks everyone for coming out for my extra long Dark Souls stream , I may have to come back to it later in the event . That was a lot of fun ! "
neutral	John cena seemed to have landed on the very top of his back and maybe have escaped permanent injury . HTTPURL
positive	Get the scoop : July 19 is National Ice Cream Day HTTPURL
positive	" Two American staples celebrated in one day ! Today , July 23rd , we celebrate National Hot Dog Day as well as ... HTTPURL "
positive	Daily MailCelebrity Big Brother 's Emma Willis is casual ahead of UK vs USA CBB launchDaily MailAnd just a month after the 16th series ...
neutral	Going to see SHAWN in October with my mains @USER @USER
neutral	" Want a copy of Book Of Souls the new IRON MAIDEN CD on release on Sep 4th ! To enter , follow us + RT ! @USER HTTPURL "
neutral	Straight Outta Compton comes out Friday - - but Ice Cube plays the critic this time around for athlete rappers ... HTTPURL
neutral	No daddy daughter Dunkin date this AM because someone hit mommy . Twice . 1st time she apologized . Was not tweeting at the time . Then 2nd time
neutral	@USER I think I know why you think it 's funny . It may have a lot to do with the fact that you do n't remeber when Milan played in CL
neutral	That super awkward moment when Qadianis tell the Muslims about following Islam . May Allah quide them to Islam and protect the Muslims from
positive	SHAWTY non-kpop fans : go shawty its your birthday Kpop fans - shawty imma party ' till the sun down ( sehun ) - go shawty ~ ( heechul and koni )
neutral	bloodymary - hackers nirvana - smell like teen spirit butterfingers - nicotine feeder - 7 days in the sun smashing pumpkins - bullets with ..
neutral	" I do agree that Rahul Gandhi may not say the most wisest things in public , but let 's not forget how media portrays . HTTPURL "
positive	@USER Moto G is a great phone for the price . It does everything people do on their phone for 1/3 rd of the price of a iPhone and S-number
neutral	" @USER May Allah bring an end to the suffering of Syrians , especially suffering of Muslims . "
neutral	" Tribe Uses Homers to Set Sale ; Indians 3 , White Sox 2 : The Indians beat Chris Sale and the White Sox , 3-2 , Mon ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER should i continue your sentence ? 1st to be " " KICKED OUT " " ? ! in the history of KPOP "
negative	" @USER the last time they hit Niall 's injured knee , this time Harry 's head ! They may really hurt them ! This NEEDS to stop ! "
negative	Can someone send me the GIF of April from BB6 calling all Big Brother fans pieces of shit ? ?
neutral	When the Phillies announce David Wright batting 4th but put Kelly Johnson 's face on the scoreboard
positive	" @USER you definitely are n't , Ant-Man was my 2nd favorite Phase 2 flick right after Winter Soldier "
positive	After sitting 13 rows back from 3rd base I have to say ... I fell in love with David Wright 's ass tonight
positive	Sam Smith blew my mind and pulled on my heartstrings at #ElectricPicnic on Saturday . Best act of the weekend ! @USER you da best !
positive	" Zac Brown Band is about to put on an amazing show , and I 'm hyped to see it on the 15th . "
negative	" @USER Nothing fair about it . It was mostly unarmed civilians who were murdered , by the IRA , the UVF , & by 1 Para on Bloody Sunday "
positive	" Lets pray for Christians who are persecuted in the world : Iraq , Sudan , Nigeria , India , Pakistan etc.May God give them strength & may God bless them "
neutral	" I know it 's just preseason but do I still get free Dunkin tomorrow , or nahhhh ? "
positive	Excited to sleep cause excited for Dunkin tomorrow on the drive home
negative	" @USER indeed , i thought Charlie Hebdo attacks were the wirse in january but no yesterday night was even worse .. "
neutral	The Sun will be following Prince George around today on his 2nd b day checking he does n't raise his right arm in the air @USER
neutral	@USER @USER @USER What have I missed ? We 're going to Ohio next week ? Just have me back on Sunday for Zac Brown Band .
negative	Miley has no tits & ass but Kim and Nicki may have the same botox injection expert and Kim ain't got shit to lose . HTTPURL
positive	" Konta has started well , at least on her own serve . Murray has a big moment at 4-4 in the 3rd , down 2 sets . #USOpen "
neutral	Randy Orton will face off with Sheamus at #WWEBattleground on Sunday . HTTPURL
neutral	10:15 and I 'm in the Dunkin drive thru because Friday
neutral	Ca n't wait to get this shit day over and done with and see Foo Fighters tomorrow !
positive	I 'm just ready for Thursday to see Tom Brady eat
neutral	Man its unbelievable that Paul Dunne is even leading going into championship Monday
positive	Seeing Foo Fighters tomorrow aaarrgghhhh I 'm excited and terrified at the same time
positive	@USER Like calling Rahul Gandhi ' Yuvraj ' ; may not be to @USER ' s liking ; but I think it makes a point about elitism ; OK by me .
negative	There 's a fuckin sickness bug going around my family and I swear to god if I 'm ill tomorrow I 'll be spewing in the crowd at Foo Fighters .
neutral	Nirvana may or may not be the best pandora station
positive	Oh no not Zac Brown Band with my bestie @USER #WeHateFun #Sunday #NeedStructure
negative	The 1979 islamist revolution in Iran created a hijab law . We 're blinded by the fact 's clarity . HTTPURL @USER @USER
neutral	@USER have you heard Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar & j.Cole ? ?
neutral	I 'm including 20th & 21st because NO ONE is going to work / school on the week of Eid . HTTPURL
negative	Dana White coming off as an asshole telling Holm 's camp about immediate rematch in July & she can't fight Tate . Selfish . What else is new .
positive	" You may love George Harrison already , but wait till you see him lead ... HTTPURL "
positive	Working Sunday 's in wall with no Dunkin is not going to be fun
negative	#NewsTraders are major reason for tarnishing the image of islam and Muslims today in the world ... May Allah curse upon them ...
neutral	@USER Go to sleep Briana you have work tomorrow lol
positive	Future & Gucci all the way to Atlanta tomorrow night ...
negative	" @USER i know , me too . This was the kakkest fake Monday ever . It could have been worse ... It could have had a photo of Caitlyn Jenner "
positive	Guess who 's going to see Foo Fighters on Tuesday ! ! ! ( ME )
positive	Kanye West is for real the one pop culture topic I ever argue with my ( usually pretty cool ) Mom about . And that 'll happen tomorrow .
neutral	I was rolling saturday at my cousin Shawn talking about the disbelief of him about to have a daughter right in front of his GF / BM
neutral	It 's #MusicMonday ! ! Check out a clip of the Foo Fighters rickrolling the Westboro Baptist Church before Friday 's ... HTTPURL
neutral	4th politics is n't about hypocrisy its about strengthening Muslims with strategy according to Islam and working for people welfare
positive	Another great preview from the new IRON MAIDEN album THE BOOK OF SOULS \ m / OUT SEPTEMBER 4th HTTPURL
neutral	i have no idea what 's going on but why IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT LIAM AND ZAYN ? ! will zayn attend the vmas ? ! it 's liam 's birthday tomorrow ! ! !
positive	" Saturday Circuit with Michele , Morgan , Gay , Judy , Tracy , Stacy G , Vicki , Athena & Stacy C ! Great job ladies & thank you for joining ! "
positive	If you did n't know ! ! ! CHRIS EVANS AND ROBERT DOWNIE JR . MAY RELEASE THE CIVIL WAR TRAILER TONIGHT ON THE JIMMY KIMMEL SHOW ! ! ! OMG OMG ! !
neutral	REMINDER ! ! ! Join Prince George 's County Council Chairman Mel Franklin on Sunday August 30th from 3pm to 6pm as he ... HTTPURL
positive	Is it July 13th yet ? I need to see Justin Bieber with his shirt off in person
positive	David Wright played all 9 innings in the field for St . Lucie . Went 0-1 with three walks at the plate . Due up 6th in bottom of the 9th . #Mets
neutral	@USER tomorrow night On raw Cash in your money in the Bank contract and challenge Seth Rollins to end his 154th Day as WWE champion
neutral	@USER I like your work but that Money May V . Rousey is ludicrous . I could n't even finish reading it .
negative	" Scott Walker 's answers do n't even qualify as GOP word salad , more like mystery red meat with a side of jello in the sun ! Unintelligible . "
positive	News Alarm : David Wright ( 3B - NYM ) David Wright ( hamstring ) is upgraded to probable for Monday \ ' s game against the Phillies .
positive	Eid special for me ... ( 5days ) From 18-6- 2015 Eid day rain day & without my wife and child . 2nd day just sleep ... HTTPURL
neutral	" #Entertainment #Buzz One of the Boys by Katy Perry ( #CD , Jun - 2008 , Capitol ) HTTPURL #KatyPerry #Auction "
neutral	I may be bad at sex but I just beat Brock Lesnar at summerslam for the WWE championship so who 's really winning ?
neutral	" Paul Dunne shot - 6 ( - 12 ) is tied for the lead into the final day tomorrow , Harrington shot a - 7 ( - 10 ) & is 2 off the lead . #OpenChampionship "
positive	Really hope Paul Dunne pulls off an Open Championship victory tomorrow . Rooting for the amateur !
positive	Ever have a song that just hits the right spot for you ? These Days by The Foo Fighters was it for me . Side note : mom gets diagnosis tomorrow
positive	How I 'm looking at life rn : Big Brother is on tonight and Sunday Bachelor in Paradise is on Saturday and Sunday . #AllILiveFor
negative	" The most unrealistic thing in any movie was in " " Compton " " when Ice Cube was sitting in front a Mac with Final Draft open writing " " Friday . " " "
neutral	David Wright with a line drive single in his 2nd at bat tonight . Would come around to score on RBI single by Amed Rosario .
positive	With all of the Hulk Hogan controversy I hope Monday Night Raw is redeeming tonight !
neutral	" @USER also may be sending more like them will divide India , like in Yakub case with support of #Ghantallectuals ... "
negative	Tomorrow Modest will show us Louis and briana together . But you know this is a lie . #OhNoBriana HTTPURL
neutral	Chelsea Clinton is asked about Kanye West 's run for president and her answer may surprise you : HTTPURL via @USER NEVER ! ! !
neutral	" Should I read my Spanish textbook and then the seventy pages of Paper Towns due tomorrow , or should I watch Netflix ? ... I choose Netflix ... "
positive	the only time I have n't put on foundation is when I met Shawn for the 3rd time it was great
positive	Hocking Hills Yoga Studio had a great Explore Yoga class at the winery tonight ! Next class is Thursday at 6PM ! #hockinghillsyogastudio
positive	I 'm going to be so ready to go over to Christians tomorrow after school
positive	Playing Kendrick 's Black Friday in the sauna to sweat more
positive	Tomorrow will be an exciting day at FBC as we celebrate baptism with 4 new Christians ! Join us to worship God who saves us in Christ !
negative	It never not being fun to see Brock Lesnar kill people & loving Heyman 's promo with one problem HTTPURL #RAW
positive	@USER it 's so amazing receive your tweet ! ! ! Tomorrow no but I 'm waiting you in Milan ! ! ! Love love
positive	I get paid tomorrow . ON STAR WARS DAY ! Best day ever .
neutral	In 4th year when nowt was more important than Nirvana I wrote a bit about why Kurt Cobain did n't kill himself lol HTTPURL
positive	i am going to listen to Calibraska on repeat on my flight tomorrow
neutral	" Watchman may have drowned on the job On 16.07 . 15 , at 9:11 p.m. , police responded to a report of a watchman found ... HTTPURL "
positive	" DTN Pakistan : Eid frenzy finally over : Islamabad Though the official Eid holidays were over on last Wednesday , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Why then should the world wonder the works of Boko Haram ISIS and Alqueda , Alshabaab , etc HTTPURL "
positive	@USER :') I want him to shine at Milan imo . 3rd time is the charm .
neutral	" Apparently , there is no nightime in #Jersey between 8 June & 4 July - it 's constantly twilight ! Who knew ? @USER "
positive	Man the features on the NFL Sunday Ticket app on the PS4 are on poooooont . I feel like I 'm in football heaven .
positive	Paul McCartney coming to my hometown for the first time in October ! Have to get tickets !
neutral	LF Hanley Ramirez 's season may be over after the Red Sox placed him on the 15 - day disabled list Saturday with right shoulder inflammation
positive	Just got done watching wwe Monday night raw I 'm glad Seth rollins stayed the champion Randy Orton came close of being the champion
positive	Sad to hear the passing of Frank Gifford . Always enjoyed him on Monday night football .
negative	" Just finished watching Sharknado 3 . It was so silly that it was decent , especially the ending . Ca n't believe they 're making a 4th one now ! "
negative	Tiger Memon rang up family on July 30 before Yakub 's hanging ; told his mother that he will take revenge #CowardTigerMemon
neutral	Ohio Governor John Kasich may not make the first Republican debate in ... Cleveland . Wow . HTTPURL
neutral	Sunday Oliaeh dropped the duo Mikel Obi and Victor Moses from the list of Super Eagles nations cup match against Tanzania
neutral	" If you try to run on Josh Hamilton , you 're asking to be thrown out . His bat may be deteriorating , but that arm is still there . "
neutral	Obama is gonna be at the Illegal Miss USA pageant tomorrow . HTTPURL
neutral	I have no idea why this Katy Perry story is going around now considering it is from May ? ? HTTPURL
neutral	@USER and the under on Dustin Johnson 's 1st 2 rounds ... and over on last 2
positive	Okay here 's a thing July 21 2015 is the day when Justin Bieber FOLLOWED ME and I wont ever forget that date like EVER !
neutral	When Amy schumer is friends with ur 2nd grade teacher & updates u on her life ( she taught the other class but still ) HTTPURL
neutral	I 'm so upset that Shawn is going to be 5 hours from me tomorrow and I can't go because it 's a school night
negative	Sam smith just canceled his concert for tomorrow . I 'm soooooooo pissed
positive	#OOC : * looks at nightstand * * sees bottle of Katy Perry perfume * Oh my god ... @USER ... I think I may have it ! ! !
negative	#PunchNews Boko Haram kills seven in Borno community : The Borno State Police Command on Sunday confirmed the k ... HTTPURL
neutral	" In his bid to stop the Boko Haram insurgency President Muhammadu Buhari will visit one more country on August 1 , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Not sure exactly . But looking at previous years , 1-2 days after Eid , which means it ended on Monday . "
neutral	PSA HELLO ATTENTION : Does anybody want some Ed Sheeran tickets for Nashville on the 8th ?
positive	I just heard about Frank Gifford . Anyone who ever watched Monday Night Football enjoyed it more with him . Rest in peace .
neutral	" #RAW looks like Rollins got himself a date w / the present . Randy Orton def Cesaro , Owens , to advance to challenge for his 13th title ! "
neutral	" @USER " " Bad Blood " " ut oh girl the moon shall be turned to blood and the sun darkened "
positive	so excited to go back to work tomorrow on national hot dog day
neutral	just took way too many pictures of Niall on Saturday but that 's not a surprise
neutral	does anyone just get drunk and watch twilight with their best friend ? On a Monday ? No ? Okay .
positive	" All glory , Honor and everlasting Thanksgiving to the God of Israel ! Happy 3rd day ! ! ! #MCGIThankfulToGOD HTTPURL "
neutral	" Being as though I 'm a teenager it 's saddening to be at my breaking point already with these " " Christians " " as well . HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER visiting nirvana by the water ? Under the sun , I hope ? "
negative	" Yakub may have been an Indian citizen , but for as a terrorist , he was as much a Pakistani as was Kasab and the terrorist caught today "
positive	I fail to be an Ant in my new video ! Ant-Man review coming tomorrow guys hope you like it !
negative	" @USER i see this fight as pointless and declare you as my equal in gay , may we share the title for eternity "
neutral	Scott Walker says he 'll move to repeal Obamacare on first day of presidency - Sun Times National HTTPURL
positive	" I do n't really know when I started to be interested with U2 ' s music , but I can say that Original Of The Species was the 1st U2 song I liked . "
positive	" @USER @USER although I deliberately choose my Moto G 3rd generation because it had one . Great link , BTW . "
positive	I just sat here and cried to frank ocean ... ITS BEEN A WHILE SINCE THAT HAPPENED HTTPURL
neutral	" Zayn is back in LA - he was seen leaving The Warwick in Hollywood last night , August 26 HTTPURL "
neutral	if you are confident Yakub was innocent why you not push tiger before 30 july ? HTTPURL
neutral	" Sad that Howard Cosell , Don Meredith & now Frank Gifford have all passed . The original Monday night football ABC telecast was the best ! ! "
neutral	" [ Music News ] Lorde and Nicki " " may have hit the studio " " HTTPURL "
neutral	GdS - Perisic to have a press conference this coming Thursday . The player is expected to make Inter debut against Milan .
neutral	@USER madam sorry to say it is compulsion in Islam please read Holy Quran for guidance May Allah show the right path ameen
neutral	All film critic beware : Peter Travers of Rolling Stone is losing his staff position in the mag . Are we still needed ? HTTPURL
negative	" Justin Bieber is 1st , 2nd and 5th in the UK top 40 I 'm not listening to the radio for a couple of months "
positive	Buses to replace train services on Sunday as fans flock to the National Bowl to see Foo Fighters | oneMK HTTPURL
neutral	It is said that Israel has a submarine with nuclear ICBMs to retaliate in such a case.You ' d have to netralize it 1st HTTPURL
negative	@USER in regards to the masses of refugees this is crazy . Also when Muslims may take Greece . Real world worst case scenarios are ...
neutral	" It was all about Prince George at Buckingham Palace on Wednesday . To celebrate the little royal 's second birthday , the Grenadier Guards ... "
positive	" We consulted only time enjoyed the last time to Justin Bieber , than they may comparatively cold ham and the arrival of a "
neutral	" Just heard " " Bad Blood " " by T-Swiffle for the 4th time today . I think it 's time to go home . "
positive	@USER @USER he should watch lil guy round Rousey weight class may be a knew billie king in the making
positive	" Motivational Monday quote : " " If you 're presenting yourself with confidence , you can pull off pretty much anything . " " - Katy Perry . "
neutral	" Robin Ventura , White Sox pleased with Carlos Rodon 's progress - Chicago Sun HTTPURL "
neutral	Kendrick Murdered it No disrespect J Cole wounded it HTTPURL
neutral	" Sweet got Yoga Classes tomorrow . Time to show off my ass to strangers in the guise of " " getting healthy " " drink it in pal . "
neutral	" @USER Can I get hooked with tickets from you for the Jason Aldean in Bristow , VA Jiffy Lube Live ? Can we Burn It Down in VA Sept 12 "
positive	" I see Jimmy made it into sharknado , so wnci should be hilarious tomorrow . "
positive	Tom Brady . The only man with class and integrity throughout the #FrameGate saga . HTTPURL
neutral	" Come to @USER tonight and go hard with me for Tuesday Doomsday with @USER , Gucci , and @USER HTTPURL "
positive	" The bells are being rung @USER to mark Prince George 's 2nd birthday . Many , many happy returns of the day ! "
neutral	11th 2001 Airline Hijackers were Muslims ' Think of it : Buddhists living with Hindus = No Problem Hindus living with Christians = No ( 9/44 )
negative	" Funny Hindu politicians talk abt India may become world Guru by colonial stature & bitchy fights with Muslims , killing & repressing kisans ! ! "
positive	@USER Saw Ant-Man at AMC Eastchase 9 in Fort Worth . 1st time at the theater . Great experience for my wife and me !
positive	Frank Ocean and the sun is perfect !
positive	and on the 7th day God blessed us with Justin Bieber HTTPURL
positive	I have a three hour car dried tomorrow and CALIBRASKA is gunna be on repeat the whole time #CalibraksaEP
positive	@USER Hi Jeanette just sitting having a coffee . Sunny day in the NE so far hope it is with you . Off to see Paper Towns tomorrow .
neutral	Anyone else going to see Jason aldean and Kenny Chesney August 15th ? If so hmu .
negative	20 Aug 1994 : Harry lives the nightmare of Voldemort killing Frank Bryce . 20 Aug 2011 : We all live the nightmare of Kim Kardashian 's wedding .
neutral	What should I wear to the Taylor Swift concert tomorrow ? What would my Bad Blood character name be ? These questions will keep me up tonight .
positive	Busy day at work tomorrow . London > Milan > LA > Doncaster Night Twitter fans xo
neutral	fetus James from The Vamps ? or fetus Michael Clifford ? the world may never know ... HTTPURL
negative	" @USER @USER Islam is an Abrahamic faith , Andrew . It may make you feel a little uneasy but it 's the same God you worship . Sorry . "
neutral	Alone at a McDonald 's . Few vestibules away people are talking about Mar 's presidency run while the other table talks about Nicki 's VMA feud .
positive	" Sam Smith - BBC Radio Theatre : Last Thursday , the one and only Sam Smith gave an incredible conce ... HTTPURL ckdsradio.eu "
negative	" . @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER Carly Fiorina , winning the Presidency as the 1st Woman President is a DEM . NIGHTMARE . "
neutral	" You should finish with a freestyle cover of Bad Blood , or When Doves Cry . HTTPURL "
neutral	They 'll be giving Glocks away the first Friday of the Rockets ' season at Toyota Center ; come early and get a traveling Gucci bag for storage
positive	Islam make her really special . In Quran there is a special chapter with her name as the Surah . May peace be with her HTTPURL
positive	What 's a better way to end off the August long than David Price 's 8IP 11k ' s ? SCRUFFY MURPHY'S TRIVIA TONIGHT 9pm ;) Gonna be a great show
positive	" @USER Perfect timing on this , Milan ! Got tickets for the new Star Wars movie yet ? May the force be with you ! "
positive	Girl at the Dunkin drive thru window just started crying as she handed me my drink ... Happy Friday !
neutral	Ahmed Musa may be the youngest ever captain of the Super Eagles at 22 . I need some help to verify this . [ away from database ]
neutral	" Who will be evicted ; Julia or Meg ? + it 's a #DoubleEviction baby ! A weeks worth of Big Brother in 1 hr , LIVE tomorrow at 9pm on @USER ! #BB17 "
positive	Happy birthday Lima bean I love you baby Zayn loves you happy 22nd HTTPURL
positive	Their first music video without Zayn and it may just be their best one yet . #DragMeDownVevoRecord
positive	My plan for tomorrow 's surprise day off is to finally see Ant-Man .
negative	" @USER @USER I agree , unfair . I 'd like to see the Rousey fight 1st too . I do n't see fight happening without Cyborg thro backdoor "
positive	if i woke up to Justin Bieber backstage passes tomorrow I 'd make sure my mom got a million dollar mansion after I marry him .
neutral	" @USER I do n't get it , they hate Christians and march for Islam , Christians may not agree with their lifestyle but we do n't kill "
neutral	Movie date for Paper Towns tomorrow night ? ( Technically tonight ) WHO'S DOWN
positive	I 'm just excited to work the Zac Brown Band concert this Saturday
neutral	Qatar should receive the same help from Hezbollah that Israel got from Qatar in last Gaza war . HTTPURL
positive	Some round by Paul Dunne at St Andrews . Shoot that tomorrow and he wins . #Ireland
neutral	Tomorrow is Eid and the sheep shall bleed
positive	Think the #AYTO gang is gonna pull it off tomorrow ? I 'm with Briana . Best timehop ever . HTTPURL
positive	" Legendary Chuck Norris may visit Azerbaijan : We mostly talked about sports in Azerbaijan , I informed them in d ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Watch U2 Perform ' October ' for First Time in 25 Years | Rolling Stone : one of the most poignant moments of the show HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Are you going to extend the #BO3Beta till Monday like you did with the PS4 for Xbox One and PC
positive	Took the day off work and treated babe to some Big Biscuit and saw Ant-Man . Some Monday 's are n't too bad .
positive	The Sting becomes the knew world champion on Monday night raw . John Cena retains his United States world champion HTTPURL
positive	Praying Frank Ocean releases his album tomorrow just to soften the blow
positive	my friend is gonna see frank ocean tomorrow and Kanye the day after yall Imma go cry
neutral	@USER will be performing this Saturday on #SNL and he just did a promo with fuckin ' Thor : HTTPURL
neutral	" De gea can still join Real Madrid this January with far less money , United is screwed over if those does n't get sorted out "
neutral	Love it - George Osborne ruined my yoga retreat HTTPURL
neutral	Did you know that ' Tom Brady ' was Trending Topic on Friday 4 for 11 hours in Columbus ? HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	@USER I heard 2chajnz and Wayne is making one and if Kendrick and Cole 's drops in Feb . it 'll be game over
neutral	" @USER Really ! So lucky , Matt Harvey is pitching , it 's David Wright 's 1st home game since coming off the disabled list ! "
negative	" @USER your employees at 6th and 14th in NYC need an attitude adjustment , going across the street to Dunkin where they wo n't be rude "
positive	Hanging out at the Prince George mall ! Already may have bought a few new outfits ...
neutral	" Just to spite Real Madrid , could we release DDG from his contract in January early , only on condition he joins Atletico Madrid only ? "
positive	3rd time seeing Kendrick and he never fails to disappoint
neutral	How I feel about Frank ocean not releasing his album and It 's already August 11th HTTPURL
neutral	" I really wish the judge of the Tom Brady case would have given me heads up on Sunday , because I skipped on drafting him due to the 4 games . "
negative	" I have a bad feeling that Dean Ambrose may turn Heel on Roman Reigns at SummerSlam , please do n't make that happen ! ! HTTPURL "
neutral	" Not the easiest of shots , but Murray may end up really regretting hitting it long to fall down 0-2 in the 2nd set . "
neutral	" Charlotte ! @USER , @USER and I open the 4 day @USER fanfest THIS THURSDAY ! 4 days of classic wrestling nirvana ! #BeThere "
neutral	" The twitter page of the woman who just won the Miss USA pageant tonight only has 3,300 followers , so you may have a chance still , guys . "
neutral	" Left my niggas house paid , picked up a girl been tryna fuck since the 12th grade - Ice Cube "
neutral	Caitlyn Jenner introduced the band Culture Club in Los Angeles on July 24 to a standing ovation .
neutral	" As U2 plays here , they are also preparing for experiment w / an 8th official called a " " U2 " " tonight , or 2nd umpire . Stands offensive backfield "
neutral	@USER 2nd person did n't respond . Zayn is gone but do u want Calum ?
neutral	" There 's a Ed Sheeran concert September 5th , & if you are going too marcus high school go too the mob website too get the concert tickets free "
positive	Blue Monday ! THOR has your back ! We love you Joan ! HTTPURL
neutral	when it 's august but you 're still listening to frank ocean 's old albums HTTPURL
positive	" Chapter two of Twilight done , yay :D If I 'm really lucky I may get a third done before we hit the road on Wednesday . Fingers crossed ! "
neutral	Thinking I should go to the Foo Fighters concert tonight . Could n't see them this past Wednesday . What to do
neutral	When you realise Paper Towns is out tomorrow HTTPURL
neutral	" If you 're a fan of Nirvana do n't miss your opportunity to catch this documentary on the big screen , Fri 11 Sep : HTTPURL "
neutral	" I 've rehearsed , eaten 3 Tim Tams , 1 packet of cheese twisties , @USER has not been transferred to Real Madrid & it rained a lot . Sept 1st "
positive	" @USER @USER His birthday at start of March , may start saving now haha . Did wee btts double for tonight in Israel & late Belgium "
neutral	British Summer Time Hyde Park 2016 tickets : Florence + the Machine and Kendrick Lamar to play July gig HTTPURL
neutral	When Hulk Hogan came out as Hollywood Hogan ... or when the Undertaker was beaten at Wrestlemania ... c'mon man ... drake not even in top 5
neutral	Dad should n't buy a brand new PS4 on a Sunday afternoon and then expect me to do my homework instead of playing on it all night
negative	- incredibly stupid move by United though . Woodward may have got 1 over Real Madrid but now he 's left with an unhappy player
neutral	" Sorry guys but I had a long day , I 'll post the HQ pics of Niall and Liam tomorrow morning with the concert pics - M "
negative	The hidden Budget tax rises George Osborne did n't want you to know about HTTPURL
neutral	" [ TV ] Secrets of Sex : Having a Gay ... ( Community ) Wed , Sep 2 , 12:00 AM ... Old Time . An intimate portrait of the lives , loves and losses of .. "
neutral	@USER @USER the headlines around the paps & Prince George today may give you a big Allie Hannah .. time to recruit maybe ?
neutral	" @USER From there , the course of action was clear ! Why , he 'd march right up to them and ... be silent , since Twilight insisted on - "
neutral	Pie fundraiser pickup tomorrow ! 4-6 pm in the Curtis cafeteria . #curtises #roopride #curtismusic #whywisd
neutral	So we got 2/3 rd of The Shield teaming with Randy Orton to take on 2/3 rd of The Wyatt Family with Sheamus in a Six-Man Tag Match . #WWE #RAW
neutral	" @USER Oops , meant Milan . I do n't know man .. I have this weird feeling . He may want a new challenge and pull a Juve 2.0 with us . "
neutral	@USER : Now @USER what 's good ... why 'd you get drunk in Milan ? Oh because it 's f-ing Saturday mate ! #Freakysht
neutral	Brock Lesnar showed up on raw last Monday to brawl with undertaker .
neutral	" From the network that brought you Sharknado , comes Lavalantula That 's not even a joke , it 's a real thing . Tomorrow night at 9 "
neutral	Nothing much going to happen in naruto tomorrow but it 's going to be the intro to more serious shit ! Marada about to go crazy !
neutral	@USER @USER gonna try the Foo Fighters at Wrigley on Sat ?
positive	Kris Bryant 's smile when he gets a homer could fuel the sun @USER @USER
negative	To whom it may concern : I just fucked your bitch in some gucci flip flops .
positive	" The Monday Night Football song will always feature " " Frank and Al and Dan " " to me . Thanks for the memories , Frank Gifford . "
neutral	All I can think about is getting Dunkin doughnuts tomorrow morning before leaving for western #fatlife
neutral	May or may not have danced with @USER at zac brown band tonight #lifegoalcomplete
neutral	This is me guys ! This was from last Friday on Eid ! If you see me at the concert say Hi ! ( Deleting this soon ) HTTPURL
neutral	@USER let 's say someone believes in Islam they may have different Divinely commanded laws that are at odds with yours .
neutral	I may or may not have just given birth to Kanye West
positive	" @USER have you listened to sam smith ? He has a soulful voice , he may be able to pull this off . "
positive	Now that 's how you start off your 1st day back in a @USER uniform David Wright ! ! Welcome back captain ! !
positive	" @USER got my PS4 , now just waiting for my monitor . We 'll have to play when November rolls around . "
negative	" Floyd Mayweather may be filthy rich , but in the end and in the beginning you are nothing but a white man 's bitch . "
neutral	" #NationalHerald We done sir , @USER because of u Sonia & Rahul Gandhi stand as accused in court . May God bless u with long healthy life . "
negative	Saudi Arabia leading the coalition to fight terrorism is like Israelis giving their shawarma Tuesday 's to the Palestinians
positive	This is fun . We should play the White Sox more often . HTTPURL
neutral	" Rob Ford on Scott Walker 's Canadian border wall : " " It sounds to me a little off the wall . " " HTTPURL "
neutral	" Two more runs get cashed in the 8th by the White Sox , 7-5 ball game with runners at the corner and two outs . "
neutral	" Time change for soccer with Milan on Saturday . Girls to begin at 9am , boys at 11 . "
neutral	@USER I will try that . Some Scott Walker may do the trick .
positive	I wish I could see Shawn on the 8th
neutral	How will adding Tijani Babaginda to the Backroom Squad Improve Sunday Oliseh 's Super Eagles - HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" When all humans have eventually died out and the next race of life inhabit the planet , David Bowie will just be sat on his throne , laughing . "
neutral	" Uefa can overall the Spanish Fa 's decision to cancel De Gea 's move , and he could still be a Real Madrid player tomorrow . Help me God . "
positive	" She said ' I 've got tickets to Iron Maiden , baby ; come with me Friday , do n't say maybe . ' I rock out like a kid to this song every . Time . "
negative	" Murray with a splendid array of swear words at the end of the 2nd set . Sitting there with the commentator having to say , " " sorry . sorry . " " "
neutral	@USER why do n't you do a 1st interview with Caitlyn Jenner that would give you that feeling that you want to do journalist work
positive	" They 've just shown the Paper Towns trailer on tv , and I may have screamed and scared my dog ! Very excited to see it ! :D "
positive	Nicki needs to take a pic with Fifth Harmony tomorrow .
neutral	The bullet riddled vehicle in which UDR Lance Cpl David Halligan was killed by the IRA outside Armagh on 17 Nov 1989 HTTPURL
neutral	Part of me thinks Nicki is so serious about her attitude towards Miley tho . She may be cool with her but she was a little serious . #VMAs
neutral	" @USER When you have savages from a 3rd world who want to wipe jews catholics , Christians off the face of earth to rule the world , yeah "
positive	Hulk Hogan you did nothing wrong ! I work a black man . We call each other nigga all the time . He may be my ... HTTPURL
neutral	Gay couples can get married or she goes back to jail . #disagree HTTPURL
positive	" Peace on earth , everyone . May David Bowie and Bing Crosby be with you ! HTTPURL "
positive	Sincere condolences to our friend @USER & family on the passing of Frank Gifford . May he rest in peace . HTTPURL
positive	My baby girl start school tomorrow I pray she has a wonderful school year coming . I love you baby girl Nirvana
negative	Shahbaz Humayun to Iran shia read 1st Kalma of Muslim or announce you are not Muslims or else Iran and all shia ... HTTPURL
neutral	Why am I seeing people with the #fifa16demo only on PS4 already when its out tomorrow ? Its an Xbox sponsored game I thought ? ! @USER
neutral	" Dustin Johnson wasting no time reminding everyone that Sunday really , really is n't his day . Ever . "
positive	Stop what you 're doing . Sharknado is on syfy channel . And Sharknado 3 premieres tomorrow night . Life is good
neutral	" @USER why ? Truth may hurt , but there it is ! I support Equality an Gay marriage because of MY Faith ! HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER Me & My Phone have one sided relationship as it does not have sensors like Moto G 3rd Gen . #YouDesrveBetter
positive	I 'm going to be so emo tomorrow at the concert bc the best buy theater is so special bc thats where i first saw shawn headline a show ever
positive	#Baadshaho to release on 26th Jan 17 Directed by Milan lutharia Starring @USER .. RT if you excited
neutral	I 'll bet Scott Walker thinks about March 31st a lot . HTTPURL
positive	I 'm seeing Ed Sheeran on Tuesday im going to cry
neutral	King Bear profound thought for day . Is getting drunk and watch the Lady Gaga videos on Monday gay ?
neutral	twilight may be a really shitty movie franchise but the soundtracks are so good
neutral	Happy to see cogent views from most of the section of society . Yakub was a terrorist . Capital punishment may be a ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Today 's Pin ( August 28 , 2015 ): " " Elvis Insiders " " , in honor of #ElvisNight at tonight 's White Sox game . HTTPURL "
positive	" Hey guys , Kris Bryant just hit his 20th homer of the season . He only needs to double that and add 10 to live up to the hype ! #cubs "
neutral	" LRT : I 'm planning to watch Sharknado 3 tomorrow , but I just wanted to point out ... um . NASA is tweeting about Sharknado . "
positive	The Vamps tour with HomeTown as support goes on sale this Saturday at 10am ! HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	" WACKY WEDNESDAY TIME . Oh you know its on ! What is your favorite YOGA pose ? Let 's see it , but in the most ... HTTPURL "
negative	" Live : Supreme Court approved the death warrant , Yakub will be hanged tomorrow at 7 am in Nagpur Jail @USER @USER "
positive	National Ice Cream Day is this Sunday ! How about we celebrate early with @USER ? Open today ' til 5 ! HTTPURL
neutral	I want to see a 5th Twilight book where Renesme diablerizes Bella and Edward before starting a reign of terror .
neutral	" As Super Eagles head coach , Sunday Ogorchukwu Oliseh enters day three of his active period in charge of the ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I wanted a performance of Bad Blood in like May . I want Wildest Dreams at the VMAs .
neutral	Sinead already a lock for the Irish one after her #crisp Rolling Stone cover critique HTTPURL
neutral	@USER hey I bought David price for the update tomorrow . do you think he will go to diamond ?
positive	Anyone else thinking Chris Evans is just doing this series of TFI Friday before giving it to Nick Grimshaw ? ! #scarythought
positive	HTTPURL Israel 's the most persecuted but still World 's top ten for highest quality of life . #GodFactor ;)
positive	Dude ... I 'm going to see FRANK OCEAN NEXT SATURDAY . IN 6 FREAKING DAYS . I'M LOSING MY SHIT RN
positive	So excited for the new Iron Maiden record tomorrow ! UP THE IRONS ! ! !
positive	Tackle the Monday blues with this epic Foo Fighters playlist courtesy of * your 's truly * So ready for #DF15 ! HTTPURL
negative	I 'm dreading all the press tomorrow saying Hair is about Zayn when IT WAS WRITTEN WAY BEFORE THEY BROKE UP
neutral	" Twice before the 5th , Red Sox bunt with runners on 1st and 2nd an nobody out . Take note , Gibbons or the postseason will eat your lunch "
positive	Let me be the 1st to say it ... you people are about to be all over this Weeknd album . Especially the Dark Times song w / Ed Sheeran
positive	I hope Nicki attends the Givenchy show Friday .
neutral	" Today from the #SilkRoads : new Saks 5th avenue store now OPEN for business - not in NYC , Paris or Milan , but Almaty HTTPURL "
neutral	Ed Sheeran may make lovely music but he looks like a ' sex-case '
negative	I hate it when people say that Lady Gaga is ugly . ( Marry the Thursday ! )
neutral	If Katy Perry do n't wan to be my Angel it 's OK . My Parents send the 2nd selected one as my Angel ... Your Son King Devil
positive	if anyone is going to dunkin tomorrow morning and is just feelin real generous my order is a medium chips ahoy iced coffee w cream & sugar :-)
neutral	@USER Why am I not surprised that you blame #MUFC for Real Madrid leaving DDG bid till the 11th hour ?
positive	I 'm just ready for this weekend . Tattoo Friday . Off Saturday . Jason Aldean Sunday . Only things to look forward to .
neutral	Kane and Walcott both come off bench to score on Saturday then get rewarded by ... errrrrrr sitting back on the bench #woyproblems #Eng
neutral	So tomorrow night we can see @USER race at Eldora or get eaten on Sharknado . Which would you choose to see ?
neutral	And you get David Price tomorrow Yankees
positive	" Nirvana won , I 'm officially out of commission for the rest of today and tomorrow "
positive	" Kim Kardashian and Kanye West welcomed a baby boy on Saturday , but as of Sunday night , the pair had n't decided on a name for their "
neutral	" May : " " why does RBB have a baby bottle ? " " Me : " " obviously something to do with Louis unless Niall got a golf club pregnant . " " "
neutral	" Ice Cube 's wife : How 's ur screenplay for $ 6.5 mil opening wknd grossing 1995 film " " Friday " " coming ? Cube : lol it 's funny #StraightOuttaCompton "
neutral	Someone want to take me to Dunkin ' tomorrow before school
negative	" If Carly Fiorina ran the US the way she ran HP , we 'd be doomed - HTTPURL "
neutral	" Though the students may not have agreed with Rahul Gandhi , but the statistics are supporting Rahul Gandhi #RahulStumped "
neutral	" #qctimes Jerry Kill opens up Friday 's session at the B1G kickoff in 15 , much like Paul McCartney opens Lollapalooza tonight down the street . "
neutral	" @USER @USER Curtis it 's a Saturday , there is no school .. "
positive	I 'll get up before the sun for only a select few people . Ed Sheeran is definitely one of them . #concertday
positive	" @USER Prayers for all of you today . May God carry each one of you during this sad time " " Footprints in the Sand " " , RIP Frank Gifford "
positive	Lavalantula is genuinely better than Pixels . I have laughed so may more times and not at it but with it . The guy from Sharknado showed up
neutral	Murray and Anderson going to 3rd set tiebreak .
positive	@USER caroemerald Def ' Back It Up ' please ! Amazing @USER Bmth last year ! This year will see you @USER in Milan on 07 Nov . Cant wait ! ! :-) X
negative	Zowie ! Did Hillary Clinton really call Scott Walker THIS ? ( May be the worst timed tweet ever ) HTTPURL #Walker16
neutral	" White Sox dress for success to top Mariners on Throwback Thursday : Before the White Sox put on their baggy , co ... HTTPURL "
positive	everyone needs to watch the live streamed Sir Paul McCartney set @USER is showcasing tomorrow night . can't wait to reminisce .
neutral	Zayn 's departure marked the beginning of the end ... #RIP #youwillbemissed #1D HTTPURL
positive	My favorite part of Straight Outta Compton was when Ice Cube said Friday was going to be funny .
neutral	Do n't miss the FREE Roxane Gay lecture Thursday at 7 pm at Trinity United Methodist Church in Savannah ! @USER @USER @USER
negative	" yes , defeat Saudi Arabia defeat ISIS hence the key . #SaudiArabiaIsISIS HTTPURL "
positive	" Kim Kardashian and Kanye west welcomed their son Saturday morning , and the proud parents could n't be any more thrilled that baby West has "
neutral	I have to learn all the words to every song on Calibraska by November
negative	Stop saying Kendricks name in the same sentence as these other lames ... Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday HTTPURL
neutral	" Saturday Night Observation : I 'm really surprised Seth Rollins never " " had to " " change his hair style after winning the World Title . "
negative	@USER I will make Dua and Keep you all in my Mind . May Allah have Mercy on all Mujahidin and Muslims and destroy Kuffar AMIN ! ! !
positive	April has to live . Sharknado would n't be the same without her tiny chainsaw . #aprillives
negative	I wanna go and see Shawn in Oslo the 17th so badly ... omfg I hate living in this shittown
positive	" My boy just peeked over my shoulder and said " " Funk Flex & Hulk Hogan are trending , are n't they the same person ? " " That was a good one , c'mon ! "
positive	" Asslamau alaikum community of khair , By the grace of Allah , we had a wonderful Eid gathering on Friday . For ... HTTPURL "
positive	Lol i cant play mj on the 7th month . Eid 's power kinda maxed out on the ghost month lol . Anticipated my tiles and kalongs beautifully .
positive	Always fun reading about Rousey 's love for Pokemon and DBZ HTTPURL
positive	Monday I am writting CNN & asking why they refuse to let Carly Fiorina on the main debate stage ?
positive	Justin Bieber I can't wait to see you on May 7th and get ready to see Danielle because that 's your wife
positive	" @USER Hi , Niall ! Tomorrow is @USER ' s 15th & she absolutely loves u . If you could pls tweet her , it would make her day ! "
negative	Nigga is 12 .. How he know he gay ... He ever see a titty before ? HTTPURL
positive	Frankie Edgar shows Chad Mendes and Dana White that he deserves a title shot : HTTPURL
positive	" #GetShawnToYourCountry #GetShawnToMexico ending the 12 day of the mission " " get Shawn here now " " . Tomorrow I 'll try to tweet more :) "
positive	HTTPURL Check out our Super Paint Party on TFI Friday with @USER & presenter Chris Evans ! #TFIFriday
neutral	" I need Dustin Johnson to remember who he is and that it 's Sunday , not Thursday "
positive	" @USER Haha its like Big Brother watching . Sorry we did n't see you , what a fantastic wedding saturday was though . Catch up soon . "
positive	Republican candidate Carly Fiorina tweets that she is OK after getting into an accident with a deer Friday . HTTPURL
neutral	" Josh Hamilton struck out swinging to end the Angels 13-7 win over the Rangers . The Angels are 1 game up on the Astros , who they play Tuesday "
neutral	" Y'all can't keep comparing jcole & Kendrick , that 's like the moon & the sun ... "
positive	Harper Lee 's second novel Go Set a Watchman may be block-buster ; but the big read is Charles Dickens ' All the Year Round .
neutral	" Sonia , Rahul Gandhi may not seek bail in National Herald Case : Sources - it is legal matter and law of the country is supreme "
neutral	" Looking at my Gucci it 's about that time . Bldg 406 , 2nd floor . #giaf15 @USER #art #charcoal #drawing #gucci HTTPURL "
neutral	Persistence is like : Chuck Norris beat the sun in a staring contest . #fitnessmotivation #fitness #gymtime
positive	" Played Football , watched football and last nights UFC & just taken down a massive Ruby whilst watching Twilight . What Sunday 's are made for ! "
positive	@USER @USER @USER @USER Pic was taken on May 30th of this year . Attended a U2 gig on the same day #surreal
negative	I completely forgot about Prince George 's 2nd birthday and I have never been more ashamed of myself
positive	told my mom I 'd go to practice tomorrow but I think I might walk to dunkin once she leaves
neutral	I see Ed Sheeran on that day HTTPURL
positive	July 19th is National Ice Cream Day . It is a good day to cool down with a tasty treat .
positive	Delighted for that young man Paul Dunne making the British Isles so proud today . A bad round tomorrow & you 'll be Irish again #TheOpen2015
negative	September 4th 2015 Frank Ocean 's album still has n't dropped . I 've made a tumlr account just to follow frank and frank for album updates .
neutral	" Good finish from Kane , may not rate him that highly but he still scores "
neutral	Here we had long weekend due to Eid and it felt bad to go back to work after 5 days HTTPURL
negative	" In January , I wrote a reflection about the Charlie Hebdo attacks . Tonight my heart breaks in the same way . HTTPURL "
neutral	" The Mumbai blasts convict Yakub Memon hanged . Seculars may sign a petition to declare Yakub as a " " good terrorist " " as he died on his b'day . "
positive	" The Christmas Party is one week away :) Friday night , December 18 , at the Curtis home . Please bring a festive ... HTTPURL "
positive	Star Wars was good outside of seeing so much of Rayjay 's dick . I may have been watching Kim Kardashian 's sex tape now that I think about it .
positive	Who 's seeing Ed Sheeran tomorrow night ? This guy . @USER you should buy me a beer cuz I can't afford one .
negative	" @USER Yakub arranged funds for the blast , dats an equal crime . Ppl who loose their luvd ones knw d pain nd who dnt may god giv dem 1 . "
neutral	" @USER * About an hour later , Thor emerged from his slumber fully energized . He did not wish to wake Jane so he quietly sat on the + "
neutral	" The fact that I have two exams on Sunday , and two exams on Monday , and i 'm watching twilight for the twentieth time on MBC 2 "
negative	@USER People need to full-stop stop using that for White characters . Full-stop . It 's EXACTLY what Nicki criticized in the 1st place .
neutral	" On this day in August 18 , 2013 ~ #SummerSlam : Dean Ambrose vs . Rob Van Dam HTTPURL "
neutral	Y'all want Kanye West to die 1st to appreciate him ?
neutral	Sophie performing the one that got away by Katy Perry is no what am after on a Friday morning
positive	My daughter begged me to take her to David Wright 's 1st game back in Philly . Guess I look like quite the bad Dad now . Mets have 7 HR inc DW
neutral	Gucci bags jiva prospects january generate the distich yours persona on speaking terms subtraction until for i ...
neutral	" @USER Yep . Need to do that by year end or by April 15th , depending on the kind of IRA . Remember to fund HSA , too , if you have one ! "
neutral	No kidding : Saudi Arabia 's coalition against terrorists may not be what it seems HTTPURL
negative	" 10th anniv of Twilight books Meyer released version w / main characters gender swapped . But true to original stories , the writing still sucks . "
positive	Zayn 's roller coaster is the most emotional of all emotional roller coasters HTTPURL
positive	" Have you participated yet ? #AFriendLikeOyo Contest in on at @USER MOTO G ( 3rd Gen ) , OYO Vouchers and Shopping Vouchers to be Won ! "
neutral	" for all friends watching Sharknado tonight pls tag ur spoilers , I wo n't be watching till tomorrow thx "
neutral	@USER have you listened to black Friday by Cole and Kendrick ?
positive	Oooh i have a date with Zayn tomorrow
positive	I wanna watch all of the twilight movies tomorrow
neutral	" Caitlyn Jenner responds to reports " " she " " may be charged in fatal car wreak : " " They do n't have the balls to charge me , but I still have mine ! " " "
neutral	@USER HTTPURL It may look extremely dodgy but I assure you it is n't . It 's a John Cena dating sim - . Just in case .
neutral	Do the Black Friday verses from Kendrick and Cole count ? HTTPURL
neutral	I 've yet to hear any of them address the possibility that Muslims may take offence at being put in church halls . Get your Plan B ready .
positive	@USER drop them off at King Kog on your way to CX practice tomorrow ! Shawn is the best !
neutral	Shawn may not ever tell us when he 's gonna be on tv but somehow we always find out
neutral	Rolling Stone releases the official GOP debate drinking game : The republicans will take the stage Thursday nig ... HTTPURL
neutral	We now on the 2nd half of the show Now - Katy Perry - This Is How We Do ...
neutral	One thing we can be pretty sure of is the talks in Stormont tomorrow will do a deal to please the IRA . #NIpeaceprocess
negative	" @USER the Charlie Hebdo killers were French , so there 's a high possibility these are French too . May as well just shoot everyone ... "
neutral	Rare i walk away from a match but big day tomorrow so i need my sleep . Shout loud Murray fans #BacktheBrits #USOpen
neutral	Paul Dunne 's 3rd round score of 66 is the lowest ever score by an amateur in The Open ! What an achievement !
positive	@USER praying for you and your beautiful family ! ! May Frank Gifford rest in peace .
neutral	" US Open : Anderson ends Murray 's hope , Federer , Wawrinka rolls on : New York , Sept 8 : Kevin Anderson , the world ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" The honeymoon seems over for newly appointed Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh who will tonight hit the Abuja ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I bet if Tom Brady said that the sun revolves around the earth . Pats fans would back him up and say he 's Jesus . Smh
neutral	" Views is n't coming out on the 26th lol . Frank Ocean taught you , "
neutral	David de Gea 's proposed transfer from ManU to Real Madrid has stalled after the relevant paperwork was received 28 minutes late on Monday
neutral	The little baby on the beach should be on the front page of every paper tomorrow but it wo n't be will it ? Be some shite about Big Brother
positive	off to Jaipur tomorrow on behalf of unicef .. Will post pictures .. Early morning flight and Eid celebrations tonight . yippy .
neutral	Out here making fun of Kim for being pregnant when we should be questioning why it 's the last day of August tomorrow & where is Frank Ocean ?
neutral	" Bubble update : While you were tweeting Trump , John Kasich has surged ahead of Rick Perry for 10th & final debate spot HTTPURL "
positive	" So next Wednesday , as well as being Star Wars day , will also be the day the last episode of Peep Show airs . What a day it will be . "
neutral	" The clock is ticking ... tomorrow , 9/9 / 15 is the last day to order from the pre-order collection for Eid delivery ... HTTPURL "
positive	Good Morning ! Who is up with the sun ? Starting my morning routine with some Yoga . What do you all do to make it a great day ?
positive	" How fucking awesome are the French ? ? ? Defiant after Charlie Hebdo . Resilient after #ParisAttacks . Now , creative for climate change march <3 "
positive	" @USER you are in the bestest of places , no doubt ! May your children become the bestest humans and Muslims and "
positive	Might be getting a little excited about seeing Foo Fighters on Saturday . #rock
negative	Floyd Mayweather has got to be the most disrespectful athlete . Ali is 5th on your list ? Your pathetic . #disrespect #aliisthegoat
positive	" We 're off to bed - tomorrow , hopefully , gay academics will take over the world ! ;-) Night ! #snoozetime "
neutral	" Saudi security spending rises $ 5.3 bln in 2015 - minister : DUBAI , Dec 28 ( Reuters ) - Saudi Arabia increased it ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Katie said she was gonna go see NWA tomorrow . I said name 2 members . She said Ice Cube and Biggie . SMDH .
negative	@USER ruined Sun night baseball again by replacing Hall of Fame pitcher with a woman because he spoke truth about Muslims . #curtschilling
negative	" Sharknado is one of the worst movies in existence , but I 'm watching it for the 10th time for some unknown reason "
neutral	When you 're trying to make a justin bieber joke and @USER calls you out on your love of 5th Harmony HTTPURL
neutral	" Also , the highlight of the Open was Paul Dunne 's 3rd round and the rugby fields beside the 18th hole . "
positive	" July 19th is National Ice Cream Day , are you going to celebrate with your favorite flavor ? #therealhungergames #yummy HTTPURL "
positive	Decided that I 'm going to cut weight with Curtis so tomorrow all you 'll see me eat is a nice salad ( he said I could n't do it )
positive	" #SmartNCAA : It 's another ' Yes para sa tres ' for the " " Ant-man " " Mark Cruz ! Letran still on top , 72-53 with 1:53 remaining in the 4th ! "
positive	" This may sound silly but , everyone needs to go see the Janet Jackson tour . To say it 's amazing is an understatement . #doit "
negative	Saudi Arabia may use up its wealth in the upcoming 5 years if their deficit along with oil prices do n't change ... HTTPURL
neutral	Wait shit I just realized today is the 6th shit it 's been a month since I saw Niall and Harry I 'm so emo :/ /
neutral	Hector Nuris 's error from a David Wright dribbler plates Daniel Murphy as the Mets extend the lead to 8-5 in the 13th inning .
positive	@USER May still be out there ( Avengers ) . Am looking forward to Ant-Man and heard it si totally awesome !
negative	Tomorrow it 's going to be July 63 and still no frank ocean album
neutral	Nicki just gave this pastor a shout out but did n't attend Sunday school last Sunday . Man please .
neutral	" I 've got two tickets to Iron Maiden , baby , come with me Friday do n't say " " maybe " " Cause I 'm just a teenage dirtbag baby like you . "
neutral	Aye everybody going to do a giveaway tomorrow for a Ps4 account with a stacked 2k15 team would anybody want that ?
negative	Yall it 's Sept 1 I bet Frank Ocean done lost half his fans
neutral	shawty was so fly in 9th grade she was wearing gucci hijab HTTPURL
neutral	@USER I will be coming to Milan from London for the Palermo match so that means I can see them before the match on Saturday then ?
neutral	OF Josh Hamilton was out of the Rangers ' lineup for a third-consecutive game Tuesday with a sore left knee
neutral	MTV VMAs : Seven presidential moments in Kanye West 's first stump speech : When Kanye West stood on stage Sunday night during the MTV V ...
positive	Happy Friday ! Please watch the video and consider donating to help change Emily and Shawn 's lives by getting them ... HTTPURL
positive	' David Wright ' appeared on Monday 24 at the 17th place in the Top 20 of Las Vegas 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	" Coach of the Super Eagles , Sunday Oliseh was on Sunday one of the numerous spectators who watched Arsenal defe ... HTTPURL "
neutral	It 's Shrimp Saturday all day ! ! / / Cheer on the #Royals vs . the White Sox tonight at 6:10 pm . / / Come on in for ... HTTPURL
positive	Cmon we are in the 2nd spot ! Let 's regain the # 1 ! Less than 2 days till voting closes #MTVStars Lady Gaga
positive	May the best win #MTVSTARS LADY GAGA
negative	" New Topic : Heavy metal , Thor , Viking cosplay considered " " racist " " : This may be better suited for the political ... HTTPURL "
negative	Police deny knowledge of Boko Haram in Enugu : The Enugu State Police Command on Monday said it was not aware o ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Oliseh woos Ibe : Head coach of the Super Eagles , Sunday Oliseh has held talks with Liverpool starlet , ... HTTPURL #femnath "
negative	" Tony Blair has a cheek being at remembrance Sunday , seeing as he illegally sent many young men to their death illegally in Iraq . "
neutral	Dustin Johnson leads PGA right now . Remember : it was a grounded iron on the last hole on Sunday that cost him last time #WhistlingStraits
positive	" @USER caz of , I 'm going to go NARUTO exhibition in Osaka , sep . I 'll buy gifts for you there.It ' s sold on new goods Osaka limited ! "
negative	Is Kanye West really going to run for president ? I 'm afraid #idiocracy may become a reality sooner than we 'd hoped ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER God deals with Israel but do YOU Love ALL yet - judge self 1st
neutral	one time in the 7th grade I wrote Niall is daddy on my hand & my teacher was yelling at me to show him what it said & I licked / rubbed it off
neutral	You never know when it 's your time to return to Allah swt ! There may not be a tomorrow ! Do n't hold off on entering the fold of Islam !
negative	Yakub financed the blasts and died but his brother did not care enough for him . Tiger did not come and surrender t HTTPURL
positive	Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara star in #Carol from 27 November . Save the date ! HTTPURL
neutral	Listened to Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday by TopDawgEnt and got the chilli
neutral	Hoping the Evening Post is right with reports that Curtis could opt to move Ayew up front tomorrow . Fernandez could also return .
neutral	FFS fell asleep with an open position on Murray during the 4th set .
neutral	" ... only to be beaten by a then babyface Seth Rollins . Rollins would only then drop the belt sometime before June to Sheamus , I guess ... "
neutral	Tomorrow 's Last Day of Yakub ! Hope it Be done ! Rest In Piece To Yakub #YakubToHang
negative	C'mon 5 o'clock . I do n't know if my PS4 is even downloading it or if it messed up . Gah . The suspense .
neutral	" Ca n't wait to see the lame ass " " think pieces " " about how Nicki is " " an angry black woman " " and how she was " " mean " " to Miley tomorrow "
positive	Brock Lesnar going to kick Undertakers ass tomorrow #SuplexCity #NXTTakeOver
neutral	Caitlyn Jenner Could Be Charged With Vehicular Manslaughter . She insists that she 's innocent & Bruce was the culprit ! HTTPURL
positive	Vote for Zayn under the Most Inspirational UK Asian category by tweeting : #AUKTop20 @USER @USER Voting ends on September 15th !
positive	" With 9 Ks on 109 pitches , will David Price get the 9th ? He 's been incredible tonight ! #BlueJays leading 8-2 HTTPURL "
neutral	" If Viz Media had licensed One Piece , Luffy may have been voiced by Maile Flanagan , who does Naruto . That 's just me . "
positive	" Not sure how to feel about Kendrick 's sons coming up . Inspiration is beautiful , but c'mon fammm . "
positive	@USER Hey Andrew ! When the new season starts--you guys need to have on Audrey Middleton ! She was the 1st transgender on Big Brother !
neutral	" Beltre grounds out to short , as Moreland scampers back to the bag at 2nd . One out for Josh Hamilton . "
positive	@USER We come from Ireland and you come from Italy ! we are both free spirits and we found each other ! See you in Milan on Jan 7th ! x
neutral	It 's the 21st of August istg if the reason why Zayn is n't tweeting is because he 's got something in store for us in this specific day ...
negative	My family are listening to Justin Bieber and im just Sat here feeling a little sick
negative	" The @USER Name That Celeb contest just refused Caitlyn Jenner as ' correct ' answer , demanding Bruce instead . C'mon y'all . @USER "
positive	" Man Bill Burr April 2nd , and Iron Maiden April 3 . Followed by Dark Souls 3 on the 12th and eglx on the 30th ? April is gonna be brutal . "
neutral	" Football star Frank Gifford , 84 , who teamed with Howard Cosell & Don Meredith on " " Monday Night Football , " " died HTTPURL #obit "
positive	" Who wants a free $ 20 gift certificate ? Come in tomorrow 7/23 for NATIONAL HOT DOG DAY , and for every $ 5 you spend ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER @USER Na if they know wa good for them it will be like Ant-man , Mar-Vell would give Carol Danvers the mantle "
positive	Sharknado 3 may have just slid its way into my top 5 movies
neutral	" . @USER hitting the nail on the head re : the ' Bad Blood ' video , ( amongst other things ): HTTPURL "
negative	I hope they 're not suggesting calvin and Zayn fighting because let 's face it ... Zayn may be tiny but he 's got fast hands
positive	" With flashes of flesh and impressive resumes , Miss USA was crowned Sunday , after the pageant was shunned by major networks following "
positive	Apparently it 's National Ice Cream Day on Sunday . You better believe that 's all I 'm going to eat all day long .
neutral	C'mon meet me in the eletric chapel #MTVStars Lady Gaga
positive	" wow tomorrow is my birthday .. i really can't wait and the best present would be a " " happy birthday " " wish from justin bieber "
positive	Iron Maiden is releasing a new single tomorrow 8/ 14/2015 . 100 % jacked about that .
positive	I have so many videos going live tomorrow ! ! TOMMY TOY : Dean Malenko Review Connecticut Comic Conn Toy Hunt TOY SPA : Seth Rollins ASMR
positive	@USER @USER in muslim countries like saudi arabia and iran they are sung with respect . law should be obeyed.they may go where not .
neutral	#USPGA Man totally oblivious to Dustin Johnson 's tee shot landing beside him at the 17th . #foreleft
neutral	" #NewTopic Brewers vs . Reds : Sunday game report : Ryan Braun hit . 326 with six doubles , a triple , five ... HTTPURL #Brewers "
neutral	The #MNTwins bullpen faltered Thursday afternoon in a 6-4 loss to the White Sox at Target Field . | HTTPURL
neutral	@USER It may not b a matter of courage but the comparison does not apply the US is MUCH more diverse in all manners compared 2 Iran
positive	I should go watch Ant-Man tomorrow because I really want to watch it and have yet to see it .
neutral	" If Sheamus lose against Orton , will be cashing MITB briefcase same night ? And what about Dean Ambrose ? HTTPURL "
negative	Tom Brady may have became the most hated person in the NFL over the last few months
positive	" HTTPURL LIST : Kendrick Lamar , Taylor Swift , the Weeknd up for top Grammys HTTPURL "
neutral	" Also Zac Brown Band will officially go for adds on September 21 with " " Beautiful Drug . " " You already know how much I hate this . "
neutral	" Please do n't get us wrong , KPOP groups wo n't come to Barcelona on September 26 . It 's just a KPOP meeting organized by fanbases :) "
neutral	" @USER , Yes , something from Sunday Guardian was being disclosed , that got interrupted by the chorus on Yakub . If we can have them now .. "
neutral	@USER I 'm about that Xbox life fam . But I 'm thinking about finding a deal for a PS4 on Black Friday . You ?
negative	Hulk Hogan uses the N word and is under fire ... The N 's use it every day and it is OK ... I may use the White word . Fuck this country
neutral	" the wait to find out if one of the 44 people i got to apply to win sam smith tickets is killing me , thursday hurry the fuck up "
positive	Kanye West @USER the Hollywood bowl Sept 25th . That would be amazing tbh .
neutral	" March 25 : OTRA Jakarta , my OTRA March 25 : Zayn officially left 1D see the struggle ? ! #5monthswithoutzayn "
neutral	Have you ever wondered if Christians and Muslims worship the same God ? Our Theology Thursday answers that question ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Christians all over the world need to pray that " " God will open the eyes of their understanding that they may know ... HTTPURL "
positive	Niceday in H-town to watch the sunset & enjoy some music at @USER Day 1 complete ! We 're coming for you tomorrow Kendrick Lamar !
neutral	" Dustin Johnson is one of the best 54 hole players on tour . Problem is , he 's the worst Sunday player on tour . "
positive	@USER totally Rousey . Misha Tate took her to the 3rd round time last time and has gotten better
negative	Hulk Hogan wo n't have a good day tomorrow when he realises everyone has been treating him like a world class cunt
positive	Nothing like spending your Friday night on the side of the road . #overheating @USER Dunkin ' Donuts HTTPURL
neutral	" Undertaker-style , @USER just tapped out to the " " Brock Lesnar of soups " " . Dude did n't even get 1/3 rd in smh . HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER doing a #XF3DayHiatus watch over the weekend ! Sat Bad Blood , Sun Arcadia , Mon PMP all at 8p m EST - join in the fun ! "
positive	Some may find it tragic that I 'm sat alone watching Amy Schumer and eating Ben and Jerries but personally I feel no shame
negative	2nd season epl syndrome would have been worse on kane if he left spurs . Let him suffer it there then improve later
positive	I hoped everyone celebrated National Hot Dog day on Thursday . It seemed everywhere I looked peeps were selling chili dogs . xD
positive	Attention Naruto fans ! Boruto : Naruto the Movie is hitting theaters in October . Click below to get more info ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Ortiz nearly hits career homer No . 496 . Instead , it goes off top of the CF wall for an RBI double off Gomez . 5-2 Red Sox in 7th . #Phillies "
neutral	Debating if I wanna have Milan birthday party on the 14th or 21st of November ..
neutral	" How many times does Naruto say " " Believe it " " in one episode ? the world may never know . "
neutral	Anderson upsets # 3 seed Murray 7-6 6-3 6-7 7-6 . Reaches 1st ever major QF . South African played well going for it . Longest match at #USOpen
positive	Sharknado 3 comes out tomorrow and I think I 'm going to cry with happiness
neutral	" Strictly lifting to the album version of " " Bad Blood " " on loop today in honor of the original Trap queen 's 22nd birthday @USER "
positive	" Its a Saturday what better way to spend the evening than to see an advanced showing of Paper Towns , 3 weeks ... HTTPURL "
positive	" I may have been mad for a day , but I 'm so proud of Zayn now "
neutral	National Ice Cream Day without Blue Bell is like the 4th of July without America #BlueBell
positive	Hulk Hogan 's Twitter feed just brightened up Monday morning
neutral	Did n't we find out about Briana being pregnant in like July or August ? why are people acting like she 's been pregnant for a year
neutral	White Sox have the bases loaded with 1 out in the 7th . Mariners lead 2-0 .
neutral	Metal Gear Solid 5 the Phantom Pain and Iron Maiden 's Book of Souls will drop September 5th HTTPURL
positive	Lol @USER when Frank Ocean decides to lowkey drop his album on Spotify and say it was released June 30th Shits fire tho
negative	" Watching TFI Friday , WTF has Chris Evans done , has he had surgery ? Just does n't look right , grow old gracefully fella ! ! "
positive	" Even tho I finished the manga , anytime I watch Naruto that shit gets me emotional . I 've been read / watching since 4th grade fam "
neutral	Kris Bryant breaks-up no hitter in the 5th by hitting a baseball 500 feet off the left field video board . #NBD #Cubs
positive	Nicki came from Dubai today so she can perform with Beyonce tomorrow . Feeling myself and Flawless remix . I 'm not ready HTTPURL
neutral	MLB News : David Wright Returning to New York Mets on Monday to Face Philadelphia Phillies : Much to the dismay ... HTTPURL
negative	Yakub coverage : Outrage over notice to channels : Various journalists ' bodies on Saturday expressed shock over the show-cause notice s ...
neutral	Funny how the Red Sox turned into a juggernaut as soon as they sat Hanley 's punk-ass down .
positive	Dustin Johnson ends the first round of a major championship in 1st place . What 's a surprise
neutral	@USER : Congress President Sonia Gandhi & Rahul Gandhi asked to appear in the court on December 19 at 3 pm #HeraldHauntsCong Very Good .
neutral	" @USER He 's just one . He 's spent the summer being looked after grandparents which may have been an error , now thinks he 's Prince George ! "
negative	I hope Paul Dunne blows up tomorrow only because UAB beats us in the tourney ... #stillnotoverit
neutral	" @USER I can already see it now " " my dad is driving down 11th yelling ' Free Gucci ! ' Omg " " "
negative	" If Matthew and Briana do n't visit me tomorrow at work , I literally will throw myself in front of the train by the Highschool "
neutral	#Beatles #CD Paul McCartney & Wings Band on the Run 25th Anniversary Ed . 2 CD Set beatles HTTPURL #eBay #Auction
negative	If you look up the definition of narcissism in the dictionary there 's a picture of Kim Kardashian HTTPURL
positive	" Have you ever been told you look like Janet Jackson ? Win the chance to watch Janet from a VIP Suite , October 29th ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Who is all going to be up in Wrigleyville tomorrow for Foo Fighters ? !
positive	It has been almost 21 years since Kurt Cobain the lead of Nirvana died . I find it truely amazing that his legacy still lives on . May he R . I . P
positive	" @USER happy 2nd birthday to Prince George , hope he has a fabby day xx "
positive	" this adorable old couple in dunkin literally made my day , he 's turning 89 tomorrow and talked to me about how he was drafted for the WWII "
positive	Great game by David Price and the Blue Jays ! ! ! #Jays Loved that 4th inning !
neutral	" Sam Smith is only 4th man to sing the theme solo , joining Tom Jones , Paul McCartney ( w / Wings ) , and Chris Cornell / "
negative	" @USER @USER If Tony Abbott and his cabinet are " " Christians " " - please give me Muslims any day ! I 'm 5th gen Australian ! "
positive	" As some of you may know , I am a medium on top of my tarot reading . I had a great time in Prince George doing a ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Pretty sure brainwashing does n't work on May . She is like the female version of Chuck Norris .
negative	If Kanye West runs for president with a bit of luck he may just get assassinated #wecanonlyhope #letuspray
positive	Hopefully Nirvana is the wave Friday .
neutral	Who 's going to Zac Brown Band Aug 16th ? Trying to decide if I want to go !
negative	New TV series BBC 2 1950h Sunday called ' Smug rich buggers make poorer people beg ' I bet George Osborne absolutely loves it
positive	Somebody please come with me to see Sam Smith tomorrow ! !
neutral	I had a dream I went to another otra show but Niall was sick and could n't come so I just sat the whole time except during the fireworks
positive	Banging out this Cardio / Back today then turning on the strum for some more The Last Of Us on PS4 ! Mad Max tomorrow ! HTTPURL
neutral	Me : went on a ride with Chels in the Corvette and got Dunkin @USER : just went makeup shopping Neither of us are ready for tomorrow
positive	I am tweeting this video I found as a tribute to George Harrison because today is the 14th anniversary of his death : HTTPURL
positive	" @USER @USER @USER Islam is a guide to which we should try to emulate , we r human and not perfect . Hearts may be in the "
positive	" Litre a voddy on a Wednesday , start how you mean to go on during these holidays , IRA "
neutral	" @USER Hi there , can u tell me what time do doors open fri for janet Jackson ? and when does she go on ? is there an opening act ? "
neutral	" @USER Lol It just seems like Nicki like to really take things to the 3rd nipple . Miley , Mariah , Kim , Taylor , list goes on "
neutral	" May I know @USER , Do you have any proof that Yakub is Innocent ? #AAPWithTerrorists "
negative	" @USER @USER shame on you for calling this " " war on terror " " .. May Allah destroy this nation who have taken arms against Islam "
neutral	Honestly to me this really isnt about Kendrick being King . Of course it wll happen in this lameass 2015 HTTPURL
positive	@USER I grew up listening to Frank Gifford on Monday night football . Thanks for all the memories . Rest in peace !
positive	I will be oddly satisfied if the Red Sox can finish the season in 3rd place in the division .
negative	Kane may have raped a woman & the 1st thought teams have is about trading for him ? Fucked up . HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Shout out to those people who are at the Sam Smith concert rn and have to wake up early tomorrow
positive	" Happy Birthday Prince George , you are so cute HTTPURL "
neutral	And to think I wrote this Dustin Johnson Tweet after the second round of the British Open HTTPURL
negative	" Day for Night was pretty disappointing ... still going tomorrow to see Kendrick Lamar , Dillon Frances and Prismo ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Finally got to watch Sunday and Wednesday 's Big Brother and I 'm so sad to know that Clay and Shelli are splitting in the game !
neutral	" Is it weird that I 'd rather David Wright not come back , so Uribe could stay at 3rd ? "
neutral	Ricky Gervais invites Ed Sheeran to cover David Brent song - Ed Sheeran may team up with Ricky Gervais for a new c ... HTTPURL
neutral	Anyone going to Zac Brown Band concert this Saturday ?
neutral	Watched the home run derby from beginning to end . 1st time since the steroid days I watched josh Hamilton after ... HTTPURL
negative	" Our Cameroun horror , by Boko Haram returnees : On August 3 , Cameroonian authorities began the repatriation o ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Kim Kardashian , May I ask you to check my Profile ? Because There 's a Limited Secret to 6000 Stars Kim Hollywood "
neutral	" The 1st mosque in the history of Islam was : A.Nabave B . Al Harm C . Quba D . Zarar Ans : C P0sted by Admin Adnan Mashokhel " " 1 = 13 SaHaRa " " "
neutral	MLB : Rangers beat the Yankees 7-6 on Josh Hamilton 's walk-off single in 9th inning !
neutral	Undertaker has words for Brock Lesnar on tonight 's #RAW - Results : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" no pace or creativity , defenders know how to play against kane and lloris has saved us too many times , 3rd week in a row with only 1 CF #THFC "
positive	" Foo Fighters tomorrow night in Milton Keynes also supported by Royal Blood , can't wait , going to be awesome ! "
positive	@USER Good Evening Planet Hollywood happy Saturday to you HI may i ask if your going to be selling any Janet Jackson unbreakable tour t
neutral	" Real Madrid paper work did n't collapse ! They 're being clever , they 'll wait till January when they can hold contract talks with De Gea ! "
positive	@USER @USER Seth Rollins great match with Neville on Monday night raw very entertaining match
negative	Nicki 's pastor is mad af right now . And it 's Sunday smh
positive	Tomorrow night is the big night ! XTU will be in the house to give away Jason Aldean tickets 7-830 pm .
positive	@USER @USER if milan win tomorrow then milan are in the final
positive	" Cute & good idea : show the real Israel , far away from biased headlines ! HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER I suppose if you were buying a PS4 you can wait due to the lack of 1st party stuff . Xbox on the other hand oh boy !
negative	" @USER I am sat in my bathroom with a hot curling Iran pressed to my head waiting for a disaster to happen , so I totally get that "
neutral	Monday nights will always miss you . RIP Frank Gifford
positive	@USER @USER she 'll be the real MVP if she got me Dunkin tomorrow in the AM :-)
neutral	" Let this Christ , this King of Israel , come down now from the cross , that we may see and believe . "
neutral	@USER he may or may not be my boss ... well he shipped me off to another team lol ... Pretty similar to Josh Hamilton . #2g1ball
positive	I 'm really hoping Seth Rollins finds a way to win on Sunday . I do n't want to see Cena reign #16 . No thanks .
positive	Sunday is National Ice Cream Day ! Get your favorite scoop this weekend & enjoy the nice weather ! #FunFactFriday #SundaySundae #HappyFriday
positive	Been invited to Milan for a weekend at the end of Sept ... Wo n't mind if I do .
neutral	" @USER If the day should ever come that u do a video for Bad Blood , may I audition for the part of Lucky Fiori sir ? "
neutral	David Price Earns 100th Career Win : The slumping Orioles lost for the 14th time in 16 games . Beginning ... HTTPURL #NASCAR
neutral	" Thursday Final Ratings : ' Astronaut Wives Club ' & ' Under the Dome ' Flat at Lows , ' Big Brother Slips ' & ' Beauty and ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" People may agree with Rahul Gandhi , even though misinforemd , but they wo n't vote for Congress . They might not vote for BJP either , soon . "
neutral	" Bally Chuene had ads in the Sunday papers inquiring whether the building truly collapse or foul play , perhaps even Boko Haram ? Your thoughts ? "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER are all back tomorrow & Tom Brady joins us in the 8 am hour
negative	@USER True . I just can't get into Seth Rollins and I never will . So I 'm salty I have to hear his whining tomorrow on #RAW
positive	Carly Fiorina the clear winner of Thursday 's undercard debate HTTPURL
positive	" Twilight Market tomorrow 3-8 pm All you need for a very , merry Xmas Ham , Pork , Vegies , Wine @USER @USER @USER @USER "
neutral	" @USER " " No ! " " Am I outa the loop somewhere ? This is the 2nd time today I 've heard Kane & AZ in same breath . "
positive	Kendrick Lamar 's Black Friday still gives me chills every time I listen to it
neutral	" Martin Jones / Jones will get the start Tuesday against the Bruins , Curtis HTTPURL #NHL #SJ "
negative	we found out about briana 's pregnancy in august and we dont know when she got pregnant so pls shut up
positive	not sleeping till i see nicki first day of school tomorrow but i gotta see her #vmas #VMA2015
positive	" Early morning playing 7 cards with the guys , please play Justin Bieber - Sorry , Jolly Monday Morning Tune ! @USER "
neutral	I see U2 are planning to come to Ireland and go head to head with A Limerick A Day . HTTPURL Brave lads .
neutral	" Here comes Randy Orton , the inanimate object Rollins mentioned in his flubbed promo last Monday . "
neutral	" #lyrics #music Jason Aldean " " fall into the right hands for a reason " " / / ... HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" Samson Siasia , Stephen Keshi and now Sunday Oliseh all cant be lying about Mikel Obi 's attitude of disdain concerning Super Eagles "
neutral	" De Gea will still be a Real Madrid player tomorrow . It 's Real Madrid , they bend the rules . The Spanish FA will bend over for them . "
neutral	@USER I can't wait to see how Tom Brady does when he does n't consistently have the 2nd or 3rd ranked defense or best coach of all time .
neutral	" one day you 'll find that i have gone , but tomorrow may rain so ill follow the sun - Paul McCartney "
positive	" @USER My dream is to meet Katy Perry this October 6 in Chile , I want a meet and greet with it , please help me to fulfill it ! please "
neutral	" I hope Kris Bryant is ready for a " " random " " drug test tomorrow . Or do they only do that in the NFL ? "
neutral	#We good day Chris Evans quits TFI Friday due to Top Gear commitments HTTPURL
neutral	Ice Cube writing the script for Friday in Straight Outta Compton which which are both directed by F . Gary Gray .
neutral	#RAW Aaaaaand Randy Orton becomes the 3rd person ever to pin Rusev . Whoever 's booking Rusev should step down or resign .
positive	Back from Ant-Man for the 2nd time ! Love that film .
negative	@USER probably not cause he played with the equivalent of Real Madrid . 1st team got a lot of shit for tading him to hated rivals though
neutral	Shawn when he see a bee @USER HTTPURL
neutral	" Olivia Jordan of Oklahoma was crowned Miss USA on Sunday , wearing a hot pink strapless dress as she deftly fie ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Christians , tomorrow morning as a gathering of believers , you have a divine appointment with God . How many of you ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER #GetShawnToBarcelona c'mon Shawn , you came to Madrid in the last tour to make a little show , do the same this time in Barcelona "
negative	Why the fuck does Collins have David Wright batting 2nd
positive	Carly Fiorina 's message to the NRA 's Annual Meeting & support for the 2nd Amendment . HTTPURL
negative	Floyd Mayweather really fights his last fight this Saturday and it 's like nobody really gives a fuck lol
positive	@USER Hi . r u going to Dunkin tomorrow morning
negative	" Sad news ! 150 people shot , drowned in Yobe river by Boko Haram gunmen . May Allah curse the haramist wherever they 're HTTPURL "
neutral	Gucci bags he fearlessness november impart the twosome thy module modernistic tie-in for for organic : tIfFSQAre
negative	" Do n't sleep on Matty B , he may pull a Justin Bieber and snatch us all dead . "
neutral	I need someone to go with me to see Zac Brown Band in November
positive	Thor will be with his new owners tomorrow .
neutral	Anyone wanna go to the Red Sox with me tomorrow
positive	Andrew Luck featured in the latest Rolling Stone and on the cover ! NFL Kickoff is this Thursday ! Colts regular ... HTTPURL
negative	@USER You know Go Set a Watchman is not being released until tomorrow ? Really did not appreciate the spoiler on your website .
neutral	See you in April @USER in Milan !
positive	Holy shit Murray & Anderson have been battling for 4 + hours on Grandstand . Only the 4th set . #USOpen
neutral	" And the #bellamilano winter sun shines with equal gusto on every thing @USER Milan , Italy HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER I thought it was over like a Rousey fight . It may go into 4th qtr .
positive	Happy Friday ! Zac Brown Band is in the neighborhood ! See you soon ! #ZBB #ZBBinDC #sedc #navyyard HTTPURL
neutral	I 'll changed my u / n tomorrow and delete all the twts here . Will make this account for Kpop but more on Bts-Exo - 7teen pics . :) or watsoever .
positive	@USER that 's the 2nd rec for Pop Culture Happy Hour so I 'll have to add that . I 've listened to all of Serial & I 'm fine with Ira :)
positive	Seth Rollins may be a ' coward ' or a ' sellout ' but he is definitely an awesome little ninja ! #SummerSlam #TitleForTitle #CenaVsRollins
neutral	#Pastors consider dedicating service on Sept 27 to praying for @USER & for Christians persecuted around the world HTTPURL
positive	" @USER Just thought I would put this out , Red Sox have the best batting avg since all star break and nearly hitting . 300 since August 1st "
negative	what u want from Muslims oh kaffir may Allah azza wa jall destroy you for your enmity towards Muslims .
positive	" @USER got me Dark Souls , boys and girls . Looks like we have tomorrow 's game picked out for the stream . You da best , Ginna ! "
negative	" @USER , Khan sahib , i think its too late . U should be there on 1st , 2nd OR 3rd day of Eid.Why u r always late ? ? "
neutral	Islam is the same throughout the world . It may be interpreted in different ways but it does not evolve .
negative	" This is a free country that believes in equality but if you ( or your father ) were born in Iran or Syria , you 're FOREVER a 2nd class citizen "
negative	@USER as they should be . Obama is a muslim and may very well support isis . Israel does n't joke around with terror . Kill them all
neutral	" Look , fighting Triceracop and Hackerman and the Armed Vikings is one thing , but that 's Thor AND a T-Rex . Surrender may be the best option "
negative	I think reddit may hate Chinese people more than it hates Muslims and women . And it hates Muslims and women A LOT .
positive	After this prison experience I may want to get gay married . Wonder who will issue me my marriage license ? #KimDavis
neutral	" ( someone , anyone , let 's go see Ed Sheeran ( because apparently he 's here Tuesday and I had no idea ? ? ? ) ) "
neutral	PSA For the white girls : Everything Pumpkin starts August 31st @USER Dunkin
positive	@USER dear Demi i just wanted to send some love to you during this hard time for you may the good lord be with you . love always Curtis .
positive	Okay so frank ocean is performing at fyf festival whoever goes has to record the show ! ! August 22nd ! ! !
negative	" Furthermore , the 14th amendment was ratified in the 1800 ' s when homosexuality was illegal . Clearly then it 's not aimed at gay marriage . "
neutral	" The Mets get to see the ring ceremony . That 's the " " message " " they send to Thor . HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER you were asking about PS4 deals . Here 's some ! HTTPURL
positive	" Justin Bieber 's smile is now certified gold , as he made this golden announcement on his Snapchat on December 16 . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Seth Rollins is sitting next to a certain woman that you may have seen , uh , all of . "
neutral	" Peeing at the justin bieber 5sos 5th harmony beef , truly keeps my young "
neutral	Why am I just learning that Kim Kardashian and Kanye west named their 2nd child Saint ?
negative	" The Randy Orton vs Seth Rollins match being nothing special , even before the cash-in attempt / DQ HTTPURL #RAW "
neutral	" Paul Dunne makes another par at the 13th to stay - 11 . Meanwhile , Jordan Spieth is just short of the green at the Road Hole ( 17th ) #TheOpen "
neutral	Donald Trump may have just secured a prime-time debate spot for Carly Fiorina HTTPURL #gapol
neutral	" @USER Front row shot of David Wright on Wednesday night in St.Lucie . Keep up the excellent work , sir ! HTTPURL "
negative	" HTTPURL Gay men , Have you been sexually assaulted ? The answer may surprise you "
neutral	As ridiculous as Ant-Man may have looked it was actually pretty damn good #bigfan
neutral	" when i worked at NYU my gay italian boss would leave on fridays before 3 - day weekends and say " " see you next tuesday ! " " to every one of us "
positive	Next time Dustin Johnson tees off on a Sunday in contention in a Major want him decked out in Godolphin blue #uspga
negative	Regime change vs stability is false choice . How about we stop supporting dictators + ugly regimes like Saudi Arabia in 1st place ? #DemDebate
neutral	@USER Rousey will just take her down and submit her . She may have to take a few punches to achieve this .
neutral	" At #97 #100NumberTwos50s60s in Sep ' 69 taking over at # 2 from Robin Gibb , the Bee Gees ' Do n't Forget To Remember HTTPURL "
neutral	Gucci variety spirit tenacity february open the distich thy monad swish combo in contemplation of special plea ...
neutral	TBH Salman 's tweets about Yakub may have been an incoherent mess but I agree that he 's a man who should be stopped from going to the gallows
negative	Kurt Cobain solo is not Nirvana ! Nirvana is a four-piece ! How dare you ! ? ;) HTTPURL
neutral	" Presidential field candidate-Governor John Kasich - Ohio may be compassionate but he 's " " No Economic Moderate " " by way of proven experience ! ! ! "
positive	Calibraska is going to be on my phone tomorrow INSSNJSNSNSSN
negative	" @USER she may be a " " " problematic fave " " " but there 's NO reason for her to be getting dragged just cuz Nicki said some shit "
negative	" I saw a post on Islam that just hurt my little hurt , May Allah offer us ease of a belief ... Allah says oh you who ... HTTPURL "
neutral	c'mon now . we all know Logic aint on Kendrick 's level .. yet . he has mad potential tho . ask me again in 5 years HTTPURL
neutral	Join us this Friday Sept 11th 7:00- 8: 30pm for Live Music and Yoga with guitarist Sean Michael Clegg & Suzanne ... HTTPURL
positive	Kendrick giving a free concert in watts the 22nd ... Who 's going w me
positive	Your Pie Greenville is celebrating National Ice Cream Day this Sunday by offering free gelato ! Make sure you stop ... HTTPURL
neutral	Everything 's coming up Mets : David Wright to return Monday : The New York Mets ' improbable run of fortune just ... HTTPURL
positive	Here 's a list of every place you can get free ice cream for National Ice Cream Day this Sunday ! HTTPURL
neutral	" My sister just reminded me that the day after tomorrow I get to see Ed Sheeran for the first time ever . Um , can someone pinch me ? "
positive	So is today National Ice Cream Day or next Sunday ? I want some ! #NationalIceCreamDay
positive	I love that Thor 's cover was inspired by Madvillainy 's cover that was inspired by the cover for Madonna 's 1st LP . HTTPURL
negative	" Depending on how this happens , it could give Israel a fine casus-belli for intervention in Syria ... HTTPURL "
positive	Lady Gaga Is Living All Our Dreams With the Actual Pony She Got for Christmas : We may all joke that we want a ... HTTPURL
positive	" for our 1st date he took me on his motorbike , we got drunk and listened to Nirvana fuckin ace "
positive	Caitlyn Jenner 's a new member of the T community - she is working for true self acceptance let 's welcome her ! HTTPURL
neutral	May God give us the strength to defeat Boko Haram collectively and soon . Amen !
neutral	Rt if you 're going to Jason Aldean Thursday
neutral	@USER just One ? Because you do n't posted 9999999999 9999999 99 photos .. ? Niall posted today ... Tomorrow ... Forever ... Hazzy privated
neutral	Kris Bryant just hit a 2 - run bomb to tie it at 4 ! Bottom 8th
neutral	Reelz CEO is ' darn proud ' the network aired Miss USA pageant : Reelz Chief Executive Stan E . Hubbard said Sunday the cable network was ...
neutral	Republican presidential candidate and Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker declared on Sunday that he was not ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER I thought Star Wars Day was May 4th ( be with you ) #theforceisstrongwiththisone
positive	C'mon guys even if Niall and Camila are dating it 's not bad .
positive	" i still remember the day my love for gucci was born . it was my 21st birthday ... the first time i heard " " pillz " " "
neutral	" So while she may have figured out the " " old Rousey " " it may be ill advised to think that she has any advantage going into this trilogy fight . "
neutral	From the archives ... Blog Every Day in May - Star Wars Day HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER , are you doing anything special for National Hot Dog Day , July 23 ? ? "
neutral	Selling a Jason Aldean ticket for September 19th ! Let me know if you need one .
neutral	Anyone want to see Sam smith with me on October 6th ?
neutral	Did you get a chance to go to Kendrick Lamar 's concert in DC we did ? HTTPURL #concertreview #tde #musicreview #blog
positive	@USER @USER you must also do some learning in Islam and you may get content to your reason and logic .
neutral	#RAW A friendly reminder to Seth Rollins from Sheamus . If Seth Rollins wins both of his matches he could have a 3rd match against Sheamus
positive	Sat in the car on this rainy Saturday and @USER FM play My Sweet Lord by George Harrison . Mood improves 100 % immediately .
positive	Rumors : Zayn may will give awards on the VMA 's and 1 of them could be for the the boys ! I hope it 's real !
neutral	@USER uh ... lol put Kris Bryant at the lead off spot on the Cardinals & Carpenter 3rd on the Cubs and let 's see how that stat looks
neutral	Italy News : Italy moves to bail out savers : Milan - Italy was working Friday to set up a solidarity fund to he ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Tune-in for the 2015 MISS USA Pageant on ReelzChannel on Sunday , July 12 at 8p ET / 5p PT . Contestants from all 50 ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER The tweet is from January , during the Charlie Hebdo crisis . "
positive	Anyone want to go to Jason Aldean concert with me tomorrow night ? I can get two tickets for 30 a piece ! ! !
negative	@USER Is it true that Carly Fiorina wo n't be in Sept 16th debate . That 's not ok ... Let her in !
negative	How is Gucci coming out with a movie in October when hes still in jail
negative	Tell me again how Iran is n't spreading mischief around the Muslim world . May Allah break their backs . HTTPURL
neutral	When you OD on extra strength Tylenol and watch Twilight with squad cuz #Sunday @USER @USER
positive	" @USER @USER Anaconda video got 19 million views in 24 hours , so whatever you may think of Nicki personally , she has a point . "
neutral	@USER Hi Ranjit ! Should I use a screen protector for my Moto G ( 3rd gen ) to avoid scratches even though it has a gorilla glass ?
positive	XTU will be in the house this Thursday Night giving away Jason Aldean tickets ! HTTPURL
positive	Forbes highest paid women 's athlete was Sharapova ( 11th yr straight ) with 29.2 mil . Not hard to imagine Rousey topping that list one day .
neutral	Follow the top Iran stories for Dec 20 on our topical page : HTTPURL
neutral	Reminder #Syriza does n't have half the leftist balls of George Osborne who liquidated the buy-to-let rentier . HTTPURL
negative	The problem with America is not the politicians . It 's the Christians that wo n't come to Sunday night church and Saturday soul winning .
neutral	Planning on going to Wednesday 's Sam Smith concert in Glendale ? Well you 'll have to wait a little longer . Show has been postponed to 9/30 .
neutral	100 - strong Azerbaijani economic delegation to visit Iran : Azerbaijan was the 12th leading importer of Iranian ... HTTPURL
positive	" Thank you Mount Carmel College for the spirited conversation today : Rahul Gandhi : Bangalore , Nov 25 : Congress ... HTTPURL "
negative	Sigh : Did n't get paid today . Maybe tomorrow . Maybe later . It all results in a sober weekend full of contemplation and playing with PS4
neutral	the 4th great ninja war in naruto is 11 hours long . later guys
neutral	" @USER So , may be we can use the same for ' minority ' Muslims in India but we do n't , thanks to the tolerance of Hindu-majority India "
neutral	I just read Kim Kardashian May Have Gestational Diabetes HTTPURL via @USER
positive	" Watching ' Inside Amy Schumer ' for the 1st time . She 's funny , sassy , smart , beautiful ... & sleeps with a teddy bear in one sketch . I 'm hooked . "
positive	John Cena Monday Night Raw redeem yourself Make A Wish kids going to be there
negative	" I hope Dana White reveals he was kidding , just to see Trump tweet tomorrow that he " " never liked him " " HTTPURL "
neutral	" N . H . poll : Trump still 1st , but the mentally unstable John Kasich jumps like a boss into 2nd place - HTTPURL "
positive	Brock Lesnar reminds fans why he can beat The Undertaker this Sunday at @USER SummerSlam . HTTPURL
positive	" July 23rd is National Hot Dog day - a day to celebrate one of America 's favorite foods , so fire up the grill and ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Put one in an iron maiden , shoot one in a rocket to the sun and drop the other off in Antarctica with only hoodie to wear . "
neutral	@USER @USER the gay license case only applies to the parties involved . she may have a different argument
neutral	Prediction : Dunkin is going tine crazy tomorrow and I 'll be late on the first day
positive	" Only good thing about getting up at 6 on a Saturday is having an extra 6 hours to ponder on Mr fantasy team , Kane in or out ... #dilemma "
positive	@USER < goblet again * to your return Thor.May you find a little rest here after all this hard time . * she looked into your eyes again *
positive	Away . Away . Away . Syndergaard peppering outside of the plate and then busts pitches inside . Thor has found his groove . 5K . Top 6th .
neutral	" If I can snap on them two summaries tomorrow like I just did this one .. I 'll be " " Gucci " " "
neutral	" me : c'mon Izz , Zayn is n't performing with the weeknd . Good things like that never happen . "
negative	@USER I may not be a fan of KPOP but this is definitely racist ( what @USER / 1DAreUnicorns said just to clarify )
positive	@USER Sorry about the Sharknado 3 tweet . Forgot you must wait until Sat . to see it . Wo n't say any more but think you 'll enjoy it .
positive	The future looks bright for the Red Sox . HTTPURL
neutral	" I can't wait to watch the news tomorrow " " last night the crazy ignorant over arrogant Kanye West speaks out crazy as always " " ABC broadcaster "
positive	" @USER RT : " " #R5FamilyLovesYouRocky We love you Rocky ! ! & lt ; 3 @USER see you in Milan next 20 September ... " " HTTPURL "
positive	" life is good . school is okay , im probably going to see tfa with the squad tomorrow , it 's nearly christmas and chris evans exists "
neutral	26-02- 2016 - parlament-election-in-iran - Par La Ment Election In Iran 2016 - february - 26 Friday - Parlament Election Wahlen Down with Dictator
neutral	Have n't we had enough with #DonaldTrump running for president ? Now Kanye West ? ! #KanyeWestForPresident2020 HTTPURL
positive	Moto G ( 3rd Gen ) G vs . Apple iPhone 6 review : Moto G 's price beats iPhone : Since the new handset is said to be ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER you may also be interested in this story about Kim Kardashian 's ___
positive	" @USER I wanna a Zayn one to my friend cuz her birthday is tomorrow , and she loves Zayn as hell , and for me + "
negative	What confuses me is that Briana was LITERALLY fuckin pulled out of louis ' ass in like may and like 2 weeks later she was pregnant 1 + 1 = 76
neutral	@USER I know it 's just your opinion but without Stewart @USER may never have won the match and John cena would 've made history
positive	" Cate Blanchett is n't a tall poppy , she 's a redwood . Long may she continue to grow . #AACTAs "
neutral	Kim Kardashian and Kanye West : No More Kids Say Doctors : Kim Kardashian and Kanye West may have just welcomed ... HTTPURL
positive	I 'll make my friends listening to Calibraska when I back to school on monday #CalibraskaEP
negative	" The Borno state police commissioner , Aderemi Opadokun , on Monday confirmed fresh attacks by the Boko Haram sect ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I think Meg may very well be one of the most clueless HGs ever on Big Brother . She 's giving Devin a run for his money in cluelessness . #BB17
neutral	Never say never .. & how do you know ? He gone be somewhere in the studio with Trey Songz and Frank Ocean gay asses HTTPURL
neutral	Mayweather congratulates and insults Rousey at the same time HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Murray just got obliterated in the 4th set tiebreak
negative	I think I may just dislike Vanessa more then Rachel from Big Brother 12 . lol ! ! ! #bb17 #bigbrother
negative	@USER ps4 has a known issue with 1st gen consoles ejecting disc y charge 149 4 an issue that consumers did n't cause @USER
positive	Being on the phone to @USER live from the Foo Fighters gig is livening my Saturday night right up !
neutral	Dean Ambrose with roman regains vs Braun strowman now on wwe monday night raw 8/ 31/2015
neutral	Bea 's album tonight and then Calibraska tomorrow yall know who 's gonna get turnt tf up #notanapology #CalibraksaEP
negative	" @USER Are we idiots , to not know that Islam is a totalitarian satanic political cult , which does n't merit D protection of the 1st A "
negative	" Sharknado 3 Oh Hell No , is that the movies title or just everyone 's reaction when they heard a 3rd one was being churned out ? "
neutral	Tune in to the 2015 MISS USA Pageant July 12 8p ET / 5p PT in Baton Rouge LIVE on ReelzChannel
positive	A special Tuesday night movie with nephew today . We went to see Ant-Man . It was much better than I had anticipated . A nice old school vibe .
neutral	Houthis celebrate Mohammad birthday today same like other Sunni countries while in Iran & Shia World it 's tomorrow . HTTPURL
neutral	May #OldGlory wave long & proud--may the Muslims offended by the sight of it leave & never come back . Period . HTTPURL
positive	Ready for the 26th ! Ready to get my life to Janet Jackson
negative	I just fucked yo bitch in sum Gucci flip-flops HTTPURL
positive	" Nirvana on the record player whilst sitting out in the sun , so chill "
neutral	3 way tie going into monday 's final day.They are jason day and Paul Dunne and last winner here Louis Oosthuizen.Speith just one back
positive	i just saw a man on 14th st with a Janet Jackson tattoo
neutral	s / o to the folks just now learning Ice Cube did more than Friday and Dre is n't just responsible for Eminem 's come up #TheMoreYouKnow
negative	" Racists NeoNazis march the streets , Muslims protest ' behead those who insult Islam ' but can't preach the gospel ! ? HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER Frank ocean releasing his second album december 31st 2015 on new years eve . heres the interview ... HTTPURL
positive	" Tickets to see Ant-Man with @USER and @USER this Friday ! Looking forward to it , heard such mixed reactions to the film "
positive	@USER make my heart sing like Shawn by rting this HTTPURL
negative	Boko Haram just hit Maroua in the Far North Region of Cameroon . 20 dead . May their souls Rest In Peace . We shall ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Paul Dunne after birdie on 10 : " " Cool to lead the Open on the back nine on Sunday . A different kind of Sunday , but ... " " "
neutral	@USER you better safe that Chicago style popcorn for Big Brother on Sunday
neutral	@USER : lonely star life of the party thursday the zone the birds part 1 and 2 gone rolling stone and heaven or las vegas 4 years old
positive	Ever since the 4th grade all I 've wanted for Christmas was Justin Bieber .
positive	" Begin your Monday with the new Iron Maiden 's single " " Speed Of Light " " - - - HTTPURL - - Eddie is back ! "
positive	Win tickets to see Janet Jackson at the Air Canada Centre on September 15th ! HTTPURL
neutral	" #BreakingNews RIP FRANK GIFFORD , last surviving member of the legendary ABC Monday Night Foot ... HTTPURL Via @USER "
negative	" We have a " " 5th column " " in this country too . When it was the IRA they were called " " sleeper cells " " Who are they now ? HTTPURL "
positive	The funniest part of the break comes when Briana exceed period 9 months being pregnant HTTPURL
positive	" I guess you could say that I have the Red Sox bug after Friday 's game , so naturally I 'm looking at season tickets ... even though I 'm broke "
negative	Last night I unfollowed anyone hating on Kanye or Nicki you may remove yourself from my life goodbye
neutral	" Come on Kane , I have put you on my squad for 3 gameweek . Hahahah . And I will give you 4th , and 5th chance to prove . HTTPURL "
neutral	Wednesday at The Corner Studio : 9:30- 10:30 am All Levels Yoga with Amie 6-7 : 15pm Core Flow Yoga with Heather ... HTTPURL
positive	" Mets are on a ROLLLL ! ! ! And the captain , David Wright comes back tomorrow ! Exciting time to be a @USER fan ! "
positive	Gonna wait until tomorrow to see Ant-Man and take my ma with me .
negative	This booth had a sign that said Frank ocean may have disappointed you but we promise we wo n't lmaoooo
neutral	@USER can anyone explain why Felger got this right but not the Tom Brady fiasco ? HTTPURL
neutral	Can it be the 24th already ? I really want my Naruto case already
positive	The last 1:15 is the best part of Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
positive	Me tomorrow : 1 . Have coffee . 2 . Download new Iron Maiden album . 3 . Ignore the world and listen to new Maiden .
positive	I really hope I can grope cuties at the Japan stand at the Expo fair in Milan tomorrow
neutral	@USER Curtis left Thursday 's game vs . ASH with 7 minutes left in the 1st half and did n't return after suffering a lower-leg injury .
positive	Zayn may have left the band but i will still support him no matter what cs hes still the 1D zayn i love and i always will
positive	I just got a John cena vine sent to me at 12:08 on a Friday what a life I lead
positive	" If you have n't figured it out , we marathoned Twilight last night and we 're currently starting the 17th hour of our Harry Potter marathon . "
positive	@USER @USER Really he is better than a many playing every year.For 3rd string he wants Tom Brady ? Tim can win .
neutral	" The part in last friday night by Katy perry where they start chanting " " TGIF " " sounds like a sacrifice is about to happen "
positive	Great article in Rolling Stone on Rod Picott . Check it out ! I 'll be interviewing Rod on the August 9th episode ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Lets be honest , Jay Z was the 1st nigga to get bodied by a singing nigga ( Frank Ocean ) "
positive	My life : I 'm going out to lunch with Captain America * on Saturday . ( Not Chris Evans . :p Cosplayers make life so much more fun . )
negative	" @USER I hope she beats her Ass.Rousey may be a converted guy for all we know . Truly , who cares ! meh 2490 . "
neutral	Had a look at the weather forecast . 270k tomorrow in abysmal weather . Dusted off my 5h Foo Fighters playlist . 10 - day lethargy ends now
neutral	" in any time passing Discussion with Christians , they always Highlight Jihad in Islam . Some of the Muslim may ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Dunkin ' Save for America 's Got Talent is open . HTTPURL #AGT #DunkinSave I saved Gary , may the odds be ever in you favor "
positive	BOOM ! ! ! Solo shot for @USER right over Josh Hamilton 's head ! ! His 29th of the season tying @USER for the MLB lead ! 1-0 @USER !
neutral	Anyone going to the Jason Aldean concert next Sunday
neutral	@USER I just do n't believe the Sun bc louis and Zayn said not to so I 'm not believing anything until they confirm it
neutral	I watched all of it till the part where naruto faces the 10th demon HTTPURL
neutral	" Kris Bryant belts his 21st home run of the year . 2-0 , Cubs . "
neutral	2nd day of college and i 'm already going in wearing yoga pants and hoodie
neutral	Debuting tomorrow . Check back because I 'm stealing it from Rolling Stone as soon as it debuts William Clark Green . HTTPURL
neutral	" Win tickets to Ed Sheeran concert , Predict tonight 's score before game time #macgoessheeran . Winner announced Monday on KMAC . "
neutral	@USER I cant see Rousey fighting you Jan 2 because she 's filming a movie after & u would destroy her face . You deserve the big payday
neutral	June 28th was the last time David Price threw less than 100 pitches in a game #Price #BlueJays
positive	@USER That was an easy one . My ex did Shawn 's first 3 albums & he was at my house when I went into labor with my 2nd son . Lol
neutral	Selling two pavilion tickets to Jason Aldean this Sunday . $ 75 for one or $ 120 for both hmu if you 're interested
negative	@USER 1st time I hear a White House shiver over Iran . Looks like they got you by the - - - cz you folks sold us out to the enemy .
neutral	" Kris Bryant comes through in the 1st . His single plates a pair , before he 's thrown out at 2B . #Cubs lead it 2-0 through a half inning . "
positive	curtishowell Thanks Curtis ! Sent this over to the team to get fixed up asap . Have a good Sunday ! via Moz
positive	" Then again away to see the Foo Fighters tomorrow , so it 's no all bad . "
negative	I WAS going to go to the Sam Smith concert tomorrow and find it insulting his people only gave 20 hour notice on the postponement .
positive	Remember the times we used to fast forward songs to Nicki 's parts ? Now she 'll slay with a 3rd album out . Onika gurl . I love it .
negative	" Miley Cyrus Trashes Taylor Swift : What a Bad Role Model ! : Taylor Swift may have written " " Bad Blood " " about Ka ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER I am now watching Sharknado for the 1st time . This will be interesting
positive	Thank you @USER for having black Friday by Kendrick Lamar
positive	Frank Ocean playing omg it 's like November already
neutral	" Carlos Rodon , tomorrow 's White Sox starter , is 2-2 with a 1.85 ERA , 33 strikeouts in 34 innings over his last five starts . "
positive	Lil Cindy just played me Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar and J Cole . Mind Blowing . Wow !
neutral	Also costly if to get the new CD you made a 2nd rollover of IRA money within a 1 - year period . Taxable distribution ! HTTPURL
neutral	1 and a half hours till im done with dunkin till January ! ! !
positive	" @USER yeah , on Friday I went and saw two movies people bitch about - Ant-Man and Minions . I had a good time ! #HatersGonnaHate "
neutral	" Ice Cube 's character ( played by his son ) is wearing a 15,000 jerry curl wig in the movie which premiers this Fri ... HTTPURL "
positive	" I would say , Ant-Man is probably my favorite movie of the year so far with MI : Rogue Nation at a very close 2nd "
positive	" Blanchett brilliant in ' Carol ' : ( 1 of ) The Weinstein Co . Cate Blanchett as Carol Aird , right , with Rooney Mar ... HTTPURL "
positive	We 've got 3 more days till the end ! Lets keep our 1st place and win #MTVStars Lady Gaga
positive	found out I 'm going to Ed Sheeran on Saturday and 2-0 in district I 'm pumped
negative	" @USER Father God , the ravages of Boko Haram have got to be brought to an end . May Your mighty Hand seal their fate and bring peace . "
neutral	" @USER May I break the internet and ask what you opinion of the Hulk Hogan " " Controversy " " is ? There 's no wrong answer . I 'm curious . "
positive	when you have PCD from One Direction and then realize you 're seeing Ed Sheeran next Tuesday HTTPURL
negative	Dustin Johnson just took an 8 on the 1st hole . I do n't feel so bad about my golf game suddenly . #PGAChampionship #snowman
positive	Happy Friday ! Just because National Hot Dog day is over does n't mean you cant still have hot dog recipe fun with ... HTTPURL
neutral	Man Utd eyed Real Madrid quartet ? Arsenal FC star to quit ? Rooney ready to make history - Saturday 's back pages HTTPURL
positive	" @USER you live dangerously Curtis ! ( Say I , fro the hotel bar , with tech tomorrow ) "
positive	There may or may not be real tears when Paul McCartney takes the stage
negative	@USER Lotta problems with this list ... only one I 'll mention here is that GKMC is Kendrick 's 2nd album
negative	@USER what are you some stupid Twilight vampire ? REAL ones do n't go outside to tan . They sleep in complete darkness until the sun is down
neutral	" HOLD ME , THRILL ME , KISS ME , KILL ME by U2 was no . 13 in the UK charts on 16 August 1995 HTTPURL "
neutral	Alright ladies and ( yes ) gents . Our poll is here ! You may know these two best from both Thor movies AND the Avengers ( among others ) .
positive	" After five long years , there 's finally going to be a new Iron Maiden album releasing next Friday . NEXT FRIDAY . "
positive	" I think after tonight , we must add a 4th , dark horse candidate to the trio of Jeb B . , Rubio and Walker - John Kasich . "
negative	@USER do n't make me come back up there now with me heater ass and Kim Kardashian your ass into next Black Friday . Slut
positive	Do n't miss the The Vamps at Sheffield Arena on Apr 14-15 ! HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	" remember when that woman was " " giving birth " " during that prank and Niall just fucking sat there "
positive	What an awesome night to celebrate National Ice Cream Day with 3rd Annual Ice Cream Churn-off . Congrats to all ... HTTPURL
negative	" Out of all the things I hate , Islam is # 1 . Religion in general is # 2 . Drug prohibition would be a distant 3rd . "
negative	" Foo Fighters - Low ( Requested by a Fan with a Sign ) Aug 25 2015 omfg .. next show ill have a sign saying " " LET IT DIE " " HTTPURL "
neutral	" Since my bro broke his arm he has choice of Sunday film so now we 're watching Sharknado , sounds class "
negative	Would love to watch the live screening of Yakub being hanged tomorrow ... #YakubVerdict
positive	wearing the hottest top I have ever owned on Wednesday to see The Vamps genuinely more excited for the outfit than the concert
neutral	@USER Can you react to both Kendrick Lamar 's and J . Cole 's Black Friday songs ?
positive	Red Sox center fielder Mookie Betts made a tremendous catch look almost routine in the fourth inning of Sunday ... HTTPURL
neutral	" At times during the first GOP debate on Thursday night , it was hard to tell who was talking : Pope Francis or ... John Kasich . #lol #GOP "
neutral	Fact-checking Straight Outta Compton with Ice Cube : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" ANDERSON versus MURRAY : Anderson 1 set ahead , now 2nd set . 3games ahead . 76 31 Murray just kept his game . "
neutral	I understand that SHINee may have just single handedly saved Kpop but really are we gonna try and bash EXO ?
positive	@USER lol the first non-Browns football jersey I buy may very well be a tom Brady one .
positive	Kris Bryant just knocked his second homer of the day ( and Cubs ' fifth overall ) to give Chicago a 9-2 lead . His 19th of the year . #CubsTalk
positive	Pakistan confirmed joining the Saudi Arabia 's 34 - nation coalition against terrorism . HTTPURL What a moronic foreign policy !
neutral	As Christians we may harbor unrealistic expectations for ourselves . But even if we can somehow manage the ... HTTPURL
neutral	when The Sun says 1D is gonna split yall get mad but when they said Zayn ended Zerrie with a text yall believe it ok
neutral	@USER @USER Scott Walker stands with Scott Walker . Matt and Alex 2nd ; maybe Tonette . No one else . #unqualified #losingtoTrump
neutral	Ich habe ein @USER - Video positiv bewertet : HTTPURL The Bee Gees - And the sun will shine ( Original Footage 4Th
negative	Seems fraud Baghdadi 's desperate with cheap shot against Israel because he can't get Muslim support for his ' state ' HTTPURL
neutral	My mate in Turin has spare ticket for U2 gig tomorrow . I was going but we had a baby this wk ! Any #F1 fans in #Monza want it DM me . #genuine
neutral	Fan walks with Seth Rollins on Monday night raw @USER HTTPURL via @USER
positive	" SNAP ! : ANT-MAN Even with this being my 2nd time seeing it , Ant-Man still blew me away . Best solo Marvel film yet . #Truth "
negative	Why does tony blair get the right to be invited to remembrance sunday ?
neutral	" @USER friend I heard that Rahul Gandhi is interested in hiring prashanth Kishore , may be he can try his luck by approaching congress . "
positive	" Incredible ! ! Any pupils able 2 bring it 2 our Star Wars Day , Sat ? Not sure even our master model maker could top it ! HTTPURL "
positive	I 'm in love with Black Friday by my man Kendrick Lamar and J.Cole
neutral	@USER and I are hosting a blood drive this Wednesday from 3:30- 6:30 @USER the Milan municipal building ! HTTPURL
positive	" Although sincerely happy for all my fellow U2 fans who met the boys yesterday & who will see them on Fri . & Sat . , I 'm just a wee bit jealous "
negative	" America may run on Dunkin , but it walks all over anyone trying to make a living working there . "
neutral	Ten things you may have missed Wednesday from the world of business : Dunkin ' Donuts on Wednesday opened its fi ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER kris Bryant ain't no king . He 's the 2nd best third baseman in Chicago on the 2nd best team in Chicago #SALADINO > > >
neutral	" @USER If you 're in Pacific time and have an Xbox , it 's possible . But it wo n't be available for PC or PS4 until mid day tomorrow . "
positive	" somehow managed to lock my keys in the car this morning at Dunkin , happy Friday :-) "
neutral	" This coming Sunday , @USER continues the series on 5 major spiritual strongholds among Christians : Anger . Ephesians 4:26- 27 . "
negative	" it 's august 8th and still no Frank Ocean album , when will this terror end "
positive	My mom is really lecturing me about how Sharknado is such a good movie & that everyone watches it which is why they came out with a 3rd one .
neutral	Tell ya what . If 10 + non-runners come and watch our meet on Saturday I 'll take you all out to dunkin afterwards for a few dozen donuts on me
neutral	" Kim Kardashian Wears Star Wars ' Princess Leia 's Slave Bikini in Throwback Pics From Kanye ... : On Friday , the ... HTTPURL "
negative	" Have n't seen TFI Friday before but it 's hosted by Noel Fielding and Chris Evans ( the shit , English one ) so I want it off television soon "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER can you ask Seth Rollins to have an open challenge on Monday night raw for the 3 weeks until John cena retur
positive	Kendrick at the end of black Friday crack me up every time
positive	I sweeeaaaaarrrrr if Zayn is on the red carpet tomorrow at the vma 's I 'm gonna jump out my fucking window
neutral	" @USER Yep , saw it right here in Israel against a clear eastern sky ; to the west , sun was just above the horizon in a blazing sunset . "
neutral	" BBOG group believes that Boko Haram can be defeated by December , but want tangible info from govt - HTTPURL "
positive	@USER the sun is already shining for me . Tom Brady can play football and that evil Kim Davis is rotting in jail #gooddays
neutral	" @USER @USER Trump 's tweet is real , he was tweeting in regards to the Jan 7th terrorist attacks on Charlie Hebdo "
positive	" Ca n't wait for this . Curtis , keep doing your thing . Hope you get to tour over here in the UK . #ProductOfMyDna HTTPURL "
neutral	... which is quite ironic given the Paris attacks were staged false flag hits - ( as was Charlie Hebdo in January ) ... HTTPURL
negative	PM Narendra Modi does not take interest in Parliament : Rahul Gandhi white liar taking part in the world liar conf ? HTTPURL
positive	Game over with a final score of 1-0 ! GO BEARS ! We continue to Thursday against Todd Beamer at Curtis high school ... HTTPURL
positive	Trying to go watch Milan at least 3 times a season now may as well spend my money on something I will enjoy never know what round the corner
neutral	" Hajj stampede ' beyond human control ' : Saudi Arabia 's most senior cleric , the grand mufti , says Thursday 's stam .. HTTPURL "
neutral	" I gotta say , Rubio sounds about as " " presidential " " as any of them . He 's a close 2nd to Scott Walker in my book . HTTPURL "
negative	@USER i hope your PS4 needs repair and you gotta send it off tomorrow and they take 3 months to send it back
neutral	" Chloe Grace Moretz is seen out and about wearing Daisy Dukes and a Rolling Stone Shirt on July 20 , 2 HTTPURL "
neutral	I just heard the Bee Gees More than a Woman blaring at 120 dBs in the street in front of my apt . Its Saturday night in the city lol
neutral	Set her @USER bout in December at 135 to prove she can make it ... then no excuses not to make Rousey fight . HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER @USER Most number of Muslims in the world R killed by fellow Muslims ! 1st sort it out & then bark against Hindus
positive	If someone wants to bring me Dunkin tomorrow that would make me happy
neutral	" Like Ice Cube says " " if you a scared nigga then go to church " " so das where I 'm gon be tomorrow "
positive	" July 23 is National Hot Dog Day , a celebration of the humble wiener . We are proud to celebrate them on this occasion ! HTTPURL "
positive	VIENNA ( Reuters ) - Russia 's envoy to the U . N . nuclear watchdog said on Monday he expected a historic nuclear deal between Iran and world
positive	" The 4th bestselling Track of 1983 [ of the Day ]: David Bowie - " " Let 's Dance " " HTTPURL Serious moonlight FTW "
neutral	@USER was at home and @USER was on the road so Curtis is home team next week . Game will probably be Friday night at 7 pm .
positive	My pictures are always like the 2nd one but he is Justin Bieber so he 's perfect anyway . HTTPURL
positive	Dustin Johnson quadrupled bogeyed the 1st hole ? At least he got it over with quick this time
positive	@USER @USER i just got back from a trip to saudi arabia . Enjoyed a great catholic mass there last sunday .
neutral	" Frank Ocean should just wait until winter to drop his album now , I have a feeling it may be needed then "
positive	Join us this Thursday @USER Fancy Frank 's for National Hot Dog Day #freedogs in support of the #torontobluejays care ... HTTPURL
neutral	Hey folks you will find me doing some Kahuna mini Bodywork sessions & a 30 min Yoga sesh here on Saturday 19th - ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Trayce Thompson 's 2 - run double gives the White Sox a 5-4 lead in the 7th . Is 3 - for - 4 with a double , triple and 3 RBIs . "
neutral	Floyd Mayweather vs Andre Betro face off ... Let 's be honest are you anticipating this fight on September 12th ? HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER I wanted to buy the Moto G 3rd gen but I 've changed mind and now I 'm waitin ' for a invite for the Oneplus ^ ^
neutral	oh crud ... its the OTHER ( pitcher ) Ryan Braun 's birthday today ... ( d'oh ) HTTPURL
neutral	Fun fact : hasnt been on an actual hit record since Go Getta . He was on the Lady Gaga si HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	So glad Shawn has a show Wednesday night if he came to jack and jacks show I would not be on stage
negative	Robbed by George Osborne ... while the royals play decoy | Kevin McKenna HTTPURL
neutral	Yoga teacher training free class and Q & A will be held Sat 9/19 from 1-4 pm . FREE event so come with all questions ! #yoga #teacher #training
positive	Ice cube son and Dc Young Fly should make a Friday I wanna see the outcome
positive	" by tomorrow , my layout will hopefully consist of a selfie with Niall and otra fireworks fingers crossed people "
positive	Ice Cube 's son was born . February 24th 1991 . I was born February 19th 1993 . he 24 . im 22 . we 're Pisces . we 're perfect for each other ! really
positive	New Iron Maiden album has has 10 out of 10 reviews . I 'm stoked for it now . Sep 4th here we come !
neutral	" Raffensberger did n't have many Saturday workouts , following the example of Ira Dunsworth . " " Kids need time to be kids " " . Sletten did n't either "
positive	Check out the post How celebs celebrated Eid on Saturday ! on HTTPURL HTTPURL via @USER
positive	I always enjoyed watching Monday Night Football when Frank Gifford and company called the games .
neutral	" TIL that the band " " The Hanson " " was in Katy Perry 's musics video Last Friday Night . HTTPURL "
positive	I just saw Paper Towns today and I kinda wanna go see it again tomorrow
neutral	" Sanders :D NC Responsibe For Data Breach HTTPURL Little Debbie 's 1st alliegance is to Israel , 2nd to Hils & the Dem . Party . "
negative	Justin Bieber drunk singing sorry and rocking out with fans at 1 oak nightclub November 14 2015 ( 3 ) HTTPURL
positive	" I am LMBO at Curtis " " you 're married , he 's straight " " Oh my goodness , that is good TV @USER @USER #Priceless HTTPURL "
neutral	Is David Wright going to break out the cookies again before tomorrow night 's game ? #MetsMashers
positive	" One of the Best Promo I 've seen in years . Brock Lesnar confronts The Undertaker : Raw , July 20 , 2015 HTTPURL via @USER @USER "
positive	@USER We 're going to see Ant-Man tomorrow . I figured it would seem even better in comparison after watching this . :)
neutral	" Ryan Braun led off 9th with 3B and scored on SF , but that 's all NL gets as AL wins #ASG2015 , 6-3 . @USER "
positive	I 'm surprised that was only Harper 's 3rd walk of the year after falling behind 0-2 . Kris Bryant leads baseball with 10 .
positive	It 's good to see my man David Wright back in the lineup ... Time to be a captain and lead us deep into October #mets #LGM
neutral	" Did n't Randy Orton defeated Sheamus last time they were on a PPV ? If so , then Sheamus may pull the victory . #SummerSlam "
neutral	" Rumor is , John Cena is fighting in the WWE SUPER SLAM , this Sunday night , just $ 49.95 "
positive	Goodluck Jonathan may have managed the fight against Boko Haram terribly ( as did Yar'adua ) but it was n't deliberate HTTPURL
negative	" Only saviour is it was " " against all odds " " Now it 's Katy Perry ... Monday morning getting worse "
neutral	Two Zac Brown Band tickets for sale for tomorrow night at the Molson Amphitheatre . $ 100 / pair .
positive	I always kinda liked the steelers but Tom Brady about to show out Thursday night
neutral	" @USER my biggest dilemma , I drafted Aaron Rodgers , then as a joke in the 12th rd I got Tom Brady , who do I start ? "
neutral	I wonder how may twitter atheists have been converted by Christians . And vice versa . Give it a rest FFS .
neutral	Not sure I could muster the mental strength to play 17 more holes after doing what Dustin Johnson just did on the 1st . #PGAChampionship
positive	Watched Sharknado tonight with mom while she recovered from surgery . Now she wants to watch 2 and 3 tomorrow . I love my mom .
neutral	@USER omg was it ? ? When I got into Kpop he was probably my 2nd bias becos of Exo showtime then I found out he left .. I was sad ..
positive	One thing though : when they show Ice Cube wiring the script for FRIDAY ... that was inspiring as hell . A lot more tomorrow .
positive	" This sums up everything about Kanye West . I may not like him as a person , but I love him as an artist . #VMAs "
positive	Damn Floyd Mayweather fight next Saturday I gotta tell my dad to order it
positive	" #TheSecret says visualizations come true , so tomorrow night @USER is bringing me on stage for Bad Blood , you guys . "
neutral	Just had a really sudden urge to watch Twilight but it 's 10pm and I 've got shit to do tomorrow
negative	Forever jealous of those who are going to the Sam Smith concert tomorrow :(
negative	Lmao frank ocean just do n't exist HTTPURL
neutral	" 1st this @USER writer implies I copied Kpop , now lectures me to know it . What 's the Korean word for backtrack ? HTTPURL "
neutral	" Remember when Pain was a just shadowy figure ? We all speculated he was Naruto 's dad . Boom , we see the true 4th Hokage during their fight . "
positive	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL Daniel Bryan explains to Randy Orton that he needs to hug : SmackDown , January 18 , "
neutral	Here Comes the Sun - A Jornada Espiritual e Musical de George Harrison [ AGENDA ] HTTPURL
neutral	does anybody want to go to justin bieber with me on july 7 in baltimore ? ? section floor 5 probably
neutral	Gareth Bale was never going to leave Real Madrid insists agent | Football | The Guardian HTTPURL
neutral	Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker will roll out his first big policy proposal Tuesday in Minnesota when he unveils his plan to repeal and
positive	Fly to the Sky to go back After a Year on September 14 | Oh ! Kpop stars celebrity news and gossip ! HTTPURL
negative	Brock Lesnar must put an end to this .. This dude be sneaking up on people in a dark arena .. Shit .. No one will cut the lights on Sunday
neutral	now time to wank to the thought I will have PS4 destiny tomorrow
neutral	Would it be appropriate to have cake for Prince George 's 2nd Birthday ? #realquestiontho @USER
neutral	on the 27th day of the * ... @USER : - ' this ' dead ... @USER : - Oh know u2 ... reach ' this ' number 1000 ... enter the Club
negative	@USER I 've been sat on the floor for 4 hours trying to download songs onto my phone and iPad ... It will take years to delete U2
negative	Rahul Gandhi inherited his stupidity from his mother - she gives the impression ! HTTPURL
neutral	( ( CLOSED ) ) John Kasich On What It Will Take To Beat Hillary Clinton : Ohio Gov . John Kasich sat down with ABC N ... HTTPURL
neutral	" I wanted him on the Blackhawks so much . Instead , the blue line has no depth . Kruger is unsigned . Kane may not play .. HTTPURL "
neutral	" Step out into the sun Skies above they radiate me Lift up , carry the love Do you know ? #MTVStars Lady Gaga "
neutral	@USER aslan bi he2elo yotlob a 10 min break after 2nd set for the heat shit medre shu . W aslan better la Murray . Momentum ma3 Kev !
positive	" Wishing Prince George a very Happy Birthday ! Mum & Dad may not be looking forward to the terrible 2 ' s , but we are ! HTTPURL "
negative	@USER @USER @USER Gay mariage was NOT LEGAL when she ran 4 job step down or limit duties hav 2nd election 2bad S court FAILD USA
neutral	Imagine if #KimDavis targeted conservatives instead of gay marriage . She 'd take the 5th and keep her pension .
neutral	[ FACT ] Philippine ranked 1st place in the Top 5 countries with loudest scream of KPOP fan .
neutral	" Hayat alamr bil ma'roof ( The religious police in Saudi , on Eid ) May Allah preserve the land of Tawheed . HTTPURL "
neutral	Alex Gordon went 3 - for - 4 with a double and an RBI single in Saturday 's loss to the White Sox . #Royals
neutral	@USER @USER The mic batteries are running out ! Murray 3-1 up 2nd set with a break . Matchsticks needed for my eyes here !
positive	" Have you read Go Set a Watchman , yet ? It 's well worth a read ! Come chat about it with us on the 29th at 7pm in our 1st book club ! #aberdeen "
positive	@USER Ohhh ! I 'm gonna be getting back into it on PS4 on 15th think I should start fresh though as I 've not played in ages .
negative	" Caitlyn Jenner may not be " " down " " with gay marriage , but she should really understand that people are gonna see that as hypocritical . "
neutral	@USER In other words suppose if bench is not constituted before 30th than Yakub will be hanged.Is it .
negative	" @USER @USER it 's certainly tasteless and horrible , but this tweet is from Jan 7 , right after Charlie Hebdo shooting "
negative	Caitlyn Jenner 's February car crash : Sheriff says she violated manslaughter law HTTPURL Put he / she in a kennel .
positive	@USER I 've only got Niall now ... But if you want Harry I 'll get more tomorrow ! !
neutral	Selling 2 tickets to Zac Brown Band at Fenway August 9 . 70 $ each seats are on the field . Let me know
positive	" @USER stop , sry @USER : SEP 1st is the correct ! a MUST BUY in PS STORE ! ( I wish PS4 would have a #Wishlist ;) ) #BetterPSN ! "
positive	Briana has a normal sized bump for how far along she supposedly is its the same size as the girl i work withs and shes due in feb
positive	" U2 ' s on hiatus but we 're not . We 'll be in Atlanta this Thurs / Fri . If you 're in the area w / a U2 tattoo , we 'd love to meet up & document you ! "
neutral	" I still need to see Paper Towns omfg how have I not seen it yet . C'mon , Meg . Get it together . "
neutral	" Iran inks deal with neighbors to boost electricity cooperation : Tehran , Dec 25 , IRNA - - Tehran signed an agre ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Looking forward to @USER tt in tuscany with our trip may 10-17 and press conference in milan for route announcement oct 5
neutral	FACT : if Kendrick made a song about crapping it would be 10x more influential than a Future song about slavery HTTPURL
positive	" New Star Wars out tomorrow , new David Bowie album in a few weeks . We 're back in the late 70s & early 80s again ! #excited "
neutral	Here comes the sun - A jornada musical e espiritual de George Harrison HTTPURL
positive	Here 's an easy way to make ice cream sandwiches for National Ice Cream Day this Sunday ! ... ( Vine by @USER ) HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER thank you sir Jonathan , on another note , Curtis tomorrow with Bryce Quandel and I ? "
neutral	" Cate Blanchett , sartorial superhero , mixed tricky black separates with aplomb on the red carpet Saturday : HTTPURL "
positive	Unexpected development - - saw Ant-Man on Saturday night in London . It was surprisingly charming . I actually quite enjoyed it .
neutral	@USER I wish I had seen your picks earlier after the day I had ! ! ! Murray won 3-0 so your 2nd pick did n't hit . GL
positive	1st opportunity to earn a rap @USER on the road tonight @USER Milan . Let 's get it done ! #TheRealJZ
positive	But on the real there may never be a bigger rapper / activist / filmmaker / businessman better than Ice Cube ...
negative	" OK , So Hulk Hogan may have took it a bit too far this time ... HTTPURL "
neutral	David Bowie Night on Sky Arts tonight and tomorrow . #tvguidetweet
neutral	" Christie , Kasich Make Cut for Fox Debate ; Rick Perry Out - John Kasich secured the ninth and 10th spots , respectiv ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER @USER @USER Nobody can be as pretty as David Bowie . That 's flying too close to the sun .
neutral	Jack and jack are probably going to Shawn 's show tomorrow and I 'll just be at come crying my eyes out because I could n't go
neutral	" Tread your own path , you 'll never make it as a follower . you never know where you will go or where you 'll be tomorrow - Ed Sheeran , "
positive	Then the Bee Gees came on ... and I had to #Tuesday #TuesdayTestimony HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER My PS4 is gonna be a busy little console tonight ... and tomorrow ... and tomorrow night .
neutral	" According to the official website of MSG , Brock Lesnar will be at the WWE Live Event on Oct 3rd in NYC , NY . HTTPURL "
positive	" After many months of waiting , and a cancelled Wembley date along the way , I finally get to see Foo Fighters tomorrow ! Exciting times . "
neutral	" @USER Need to pop to the bank tomorrow before Star Wars , need money to buy Cloud for Curtis . "
neutral	@USER see shawn at the georiga dome on October 24 @USER 7pm eastern time
positive	" Grandy showing some real nixe range our there in RF , saving a 2 - out double to end the top 5th . 12 straight retired by Thor . #NYMvsKC "
positive	" @USER " " I 'll tryeth to Thor , but at this rate we may as well goeth to a restaurant . " " he looks at the time and smiles " " we 're + "
negative	It seems the rest of my life may just be convincing people to watch Ant-Man with me .
neutral	Curtis going for it with a 4th and 6 coming up .
neutral	So Moto G ( 3rd Gen ) it is . Now the long wait for it to be delivered !
positive	" Who else is excited about Go Set a Watchman by Harper Lee , which hits stores this Tuesday ? Stop by Barnes & Noble ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER more like who ISNT going to Eid fest tomorrow
neutral	" After getting booed again , Josh Hamilton doubles off the RF wall on the 1st pitch of his 2nd at-bat . Tropeano had retired 13 straight . "
negative	@USER these ppl should read the Bible.They may not be so eager to continue to harass Israel . It does n't work out so well 4 them .
neutral	Started my Friday off right with Dunkin
positive	( @USER ) Katy Perry Fans get ready because her next concert is on the September 22 - Peru
neutral	Tues 08/09 / 15 07.00- 08.00 H . I . T Yoga . Martin . 10.00- 12.00 1st & 2nd series with Fran 12.00- 13.15 Open yoga . Abi ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Big Brother coming back ( US v UK ) . 20th anniversary of Blur / Oasis battle which Blur won with Country House .
negative	may i just say the lighting in Sharknado 3 could use a little work ? ? ?
neutral	' John Kasich ' appeared on Tuesday 21 at the 5th place in the Top 20 of Indianapolis 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	" Sat alone downstairs in the dark with Sam smith on , might grab myself a beer or vodka as well . Living life to the maxxxxx "
neutral	So I 'm ready to make more progress in Dark Souls NG-NG + 99 ... we 'll kick off tomorrow 's stream with NG + 86 Chat Chosen Weapons 2pm EDT ! ! !
negative	" On Monday , Boko Haram extremists raided a village in Borno state near the border with Niger , killing 7 people , ... HTTPURL "
negative	David Bowie 's Blackstar is the sound of an unknowable artist steadfastly ignoring his own past . HTTPURL
neutral	" the Undertaker rises from a coffin to attack Brock Lesnar : Raw , March 24 , 2014 HTTPURL via @USER "
positive	Another one in February too ? ! ? ! Ohhh plz be with Kendrick ! ! !
neutral	" I may not speak too highly of Kanye West the person , but I am a fan of his music . It is possible to separate actions and work . "
neutral	8million euros gets you Luiz Adriano to Milan however 10million stg cant get you Ross Mccormack to sheff wed . Absolutely shocking .
positive	" Did you know - this Sunday is National Ice Cream Day ! To celebrate , I 'll be tucking in to my favourite ice cream , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Russia says ready to give #Iran planes , loan Russia announced on Tuesday that it is preparing to supply Iran ... HTTPURL "
neutral	If you are n't pulling for Paul Dunne tomorrow at #TheOpen2015 you have no soul .
positive	A day without Zayn is like a year without sun HTTPURL
positive	@USER David Wright is the 2nd best player on the #Mets now
negative	Yeah well done dickhead so the IRA and KKK are Muslim #narrowmindedprick HTTPURL
positive	Can we just talk about how much Kendrick slaughtered that Black Friday track ? Sheeeeeeeesh
neutral	" @USER Another one to note ... Dustin Johnson 8th hole . Hits into bunker off tee , credited with 3pt instead of - 2 . #AVIS "
neutral	" @USER offering refuge to Muslims in nothing wrong , but do n't allow mosques , Friday prayers r the problem they get instigated . "
positive	" Frank Gifford , Al Michaels and Dan Dierdorf are pretty much the sound of every sleepy late-night fall Monday of my childhood . "
neutral	Amy Schumer performed live at northeastern on Friday . She spoke about getting an anti-gun policy .
positive	niall 's voice is just TOO GOOD this 5th album will kill me
neutral	" @USER Gay marriage is n't mentioned in the constitution , no marriage is . 14th prevents states from making unequal laws . "
positive	Everyone 's at Sam Smith tonight and I 'm just like bruh Nicki Minaj Thursday
neutral	" NEW MUSIC MONDAY on today 's show features Blake Shelton " " Gonna " " , Tim McGraw " " Top of the World " " and Jason Aldean ... HTTPURL "
negative	IRAN : All schools in Tehran were closed on Sunday due to the worst pollution levels in the city for nine months . MT HTTPURL
neutral	Someone had a power nap ... MFW ... This may be a really late night with no Dark Souls ... :/ HTTPURL
neutral	" On Sunday , Brock Lesnar will have lived the dream of competing in a NYC-based PPV , which he would n't have done had he returned to the UFC . "
positive	" @USER It was n't exactly perfect , a couple of issues while away . But got to see Israel for the 1st time & feel in love . "
neutral	John Cena v . Jon Stewart : The battle of the Jons ( insert Arby 's joke here ) HTTPURL
negative	Lets kill David Price tomorrow like we always do and maybe you all will calm the fuck down #Yankees
positive	" Gr8 game , if you 're into this gamestyle . Broken Sword 5 : The Serpent 's Curse will haunt PS4 and Xbox One September 8 HTTPURL "
positive	" Like rugby , Iron Maiden and ale ? Course you do ! We have @USER at Rodney Parade Beer Festival this weekend ! Start Fri @USER 3pm ! "
neutral	@USER @USER Yakub got bad unfair sentence due to 3rd rate prosecutor not telling court about his crucial cooperation .
neutral	" @USER Iran makes it to 2nd coming . Next door , however , does n't : HTTPURL "
positive	Please join us tomorrow for a meet and greet with Gov . Scott Walker at the Derry VFW at 11-45 .
neutral	it is confirmed that briana will give birth on April 1st .
neutral	@USER Floyd Mayweather is going to buy a NFL franchise and may hire her as general manager
neutral	Sharknado will set records for the number of watchers who have nothing better to do on a Wednesday night .
positive	Rolling stone magazine talk about REAL MUSIC for once in their piece about Rituals de lo Habitual 's 25th anniversary !
negative	" So I sat through that for Nintendo 's announcement and they did n't make one . Like , even a trailer for Twilight Princess HD would 've been fine "
neutral	" @USER Shikari walks into Ichiraku 's Ramen shop as he saw Naruto sitting at the bar . He sat down next to him , staying quiet . "
positive	@USER I 've seen the Milan show on the 9th of May and it has been the best night EVER .
positive	Frank Ocean 's Aaliyah cover of at your best gets me every time .. 110 that song is gonna be my 1st dance song with the woman I marry
neutral	@USER @USER nikki bella does n't deserve to break April 's record as champion but thanks to @USER thank you very much John Cena
neutral	" The Super Eagles will face Niger in an exhibition game in Port Harcourt on September 8 , the NFF has disclosed . HTTPURL "
positive	" First time ever on PTV , @USER will be on air with U2 & Bruce Springsteen . 8p m Saturday ! @USER @USER @USER "
positive	" @USER This is What " " Floyd Mayweather " " AKA " " Money May " " Made When he BEAT MANNY PAQUIO . ! ! ! LOL ... $ 207 MILLION .. "
positive	Sunday is National Ice Cream Day - here are some awesome deals on ice cream for you to check out ! HTTPURL
neutral	@USER so when people joined the IRA after Bloody Sunday & Ballymurphy was it 3rd generation = wise up
neutral	the IRA in a heartbeat . From a working class republican family . Instead she became 1st to go to uni & became a world expert on terrorism .
negative	" Yeah , everything is Zayn 's fault.Even if we get a hurricane tomorrow , it 's gonna be Zayn 's fault . u guys r disgusting HTTPURL "
neutral	Guy at bar played That Hero Foo Fighters song on the jukebox and then sat at the bar and air drummed the whole thing
neutral	@USER : Black Friday on iTunes - $ 5.99 holiday album . Under the Mistletoe by Justin Bieber HTTPURL
positive	" * * Good ! Because from the looks of it , Barnes & Noble will be selling " " Comes a Watchman " " for firewood in November * * HTTPURL "
positive	That scrap between The Undertaker and Brock Lesnar on Monday Night Raw last night looked like the best craic ever
positive	Happy Monday ! Hoping to help shake off the Mondays Blues with the sexy Chris Evans . #ManCrushMonday HTTPURL
neutral	" 1st pic of Ed Sheeran 4 the new tv show The Bastard Executioner " " kicks off Sept 15th on FX HTTPURL "
neutral	" as nirvana plays at the bar @USER says " " omg i love creed ! " " ... yes may I have a bag of breadsticks togo pls ? ? ? "
negative	If you go down to history books of islam you will see that nothing like Boko Haram fake jihad ever take place HTTPURL
positive	" Just got my 1st @USER EVER and it 's fantastic ! Thanks guys and gals , for finally shipping to Israel . #lootcrate "
neutral	Offense can't back Leake in Giants debut : Josh Hamilton shattered the offensive silence Sunday at Globe Life P ... HTTPURL
positive	Looking forward to going to Celebrity Big Brother launch night next Thursday . Hoping for some A list guests and dry weather .
neutral	Kardashian memes take over Twitter as Kanye West announces presidency run : While it 's not clear yet just how s ... HTTPURL
positive	You better ! And we going to gay pride . HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER true , true . But they gave luffy his gear 2nd , which I guess is the samething as Naruto 's beast mode . "
neutral	im sat ib my bathroom crying over a tv character because of how beautiful she is and how Gay i am . ive reached a new low
neutral	@USER @USER remember that day Chevy traded Bogo and Kane ... Wonder if history could repeat itself . A 2nd p for p trade ..
neutral	I Could gie Dustin Johnson a game going by the way he played the 1st ! !
neutral	just gonna blare john cena theme music tomorrow after school
neutral	10 Big Questions From WWE Raw ( 7th Sept ): Picking the bones out of Seth Rollins ' bad day at the office . HTTPURL
neutral	How to make Friday morning even better ? Cup of coffee and the new Iron Maiden album on Spotify .
neutral	Mom & Baby Yoga with Allison Oxoby - it 's not too late to enroll in our Thursday class ! Thursdays @USER 1:15- 2:30 pm ... HTTPURL
neutral	Islam is on the march to convert all to their ideology ! Wake up America ! #RT HTTPURL #STOPIslam #TCOT #MakeDCListen #TeaParty
positive	I 'm so blessed I 've been able to reunite with Nash and see all the other boys this past weekend and I get to see Shawn live for the 1st time
positive	Ca n't overstate the importance of Kris Bryant 's walk-off HR after being swept over the weekend and blowing a 3R lead in the 9th tonight .
negative	@USER hamza said he would shout me out on snapchat on Eid last Friday but he did n't ... hoe nation .
neutral	Ice Cube told us what he wants you to get from #straightouttacompton in theaters August 14th . HTTPURL
neutral	Really hope the Red Sox play better than this on Saturday when I 'm at the game
positive	" PSA : National Ice Cream Day is tomorrow , July 19th . I just thought everyone should know . "
neutral	Lady Gaga going to the Jewelry Store in New York City . ( 24 December ) HTTPURL
neutral	NW : Top Gear with Ed Sheeran 's 1st driving lesson lol
neutral	" I counted five tight points from Anderson in that game , may have been more . Gets a slice of fortune with Murray netting the BH . Holds for 41 "
positive	@USER @USER it may have have gotten a higher score never denied that fact ... but Nicki 's album is STILL critically acclaimed . Lol
neutral	" #PHOTO Briana on IG " " Ready for some #risenation work it out on your Sunday 's . #brianatellsall coming soon to you . " " HTTPURL "
negative	New violence erupted in the West Bank Thursday with four Palestinian attackers shot dead by Israeli forces as Israel recoiled over a video
neutral	Tomorrow Seth Rollins 's WWE title reign will surpass that of Randy Orton 's at 161 days . I saw Randy win that title live in Miami at the AAA
neutral	on january 1st i said this was going to be zayn 's year but i had no idea
negative	When will Rahul Gandhi stop referring to himself in 3rd person ? It was creepy when he was doing so while addressing the #ShakurBasti people
positive	Getting emotional about naruto at 8: 18 am on a Monday
neutral	H ( USE ) compares two different versions of the same track . Terry Jacks and Nirvana have ' Seasons in the Sun ' . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER c u may want to know but by showing it agn & agn we r hurting the family of Yakub ok
neutral	" Lady Gaga , Rita Ora , Victoria Beckham and more at the British Fashion Awards on Monday in London . "
negative	1st music video with out Zayn :(
positive	" Just got word from peacecamp that george osborne is going to be at faslane tomorrow , show up tomorrow 7am and give him a piece of your mind "
neutral	can Nicki and Drake go ahead and get married and have the child that will be 3rd legendary Sannin
neutral	@USER @USER Tomorrow will be a year since we waited out in the sun for hours to see Ed Sheeran at jimmy kimmel
positive	" @USER @USER Tom Brady has 4 rings and the highest playoff win % , Big Ben has 2 rings and the 9th best playoff win % "
neutral	" @USER Well , I hope this is the case . I do n't have a PS4 at the moment , but I may get the PC version . "
positive	" Tonight , I rewatch TWILIGHT for the first time ( soberly ) in 6 years . This is for legitimate research . You may judge mercilessly and cruelly . "
positive	Yay going to get my new car tomorrow woot woot . I needed a good pick me up after big brother
negative	Why are the Vikings ruining my Thursday nite ? They can lose a game any nite so do n't F up my Big Brother nite . #BBwhereareyou
positive	" #LiesToImpressPeople I was in the 2nd to last row in the stadium concert & David Bowie talked directly to me . Actually , he did . Impressed ? "
neutral	" 1 . / " " O you who believe ! do n't take the Jews and the Christians for friends ; they are friends of each other . HTTPURL "
negative	The Foo Fighters noise will be so annoying on Saturday trying to watch the football
neutral	" Yoga Crash Course with Dawn Marie this Saturday at Maya Shakti Yoga Studio . 708 Commercial Avenue Anacortes , WA HTTPURL "
negative	Adamawa to pay prayer warriors N200m to pray against Boko Haram . At 1st I thought this was a joke . Now I know money 's the root of all evils .
negative	Thom Yorke : Tony Blair advisers tried to force me to meet the PM HTTPURL | The Guardian
neutral	" I 'm on board with this . Feel bad for Miesha Tate , but looking at Rousey 's dominance , the opponent does n't matter . HTTPURL "
neutral	In honor of July 23rd being National Hot Dog Day the The Nashville Sun Times has listed the best hot dogs in ... HTTPURL
positive	" @USER close second to the David Wright video for your best work of the week , but hey it 's only Tuesday "
neutral	" . After the budget in July from the newly elected Conservative government , the chancellor , George Osborne , #PCTM "
neutral	Took Taylor Swift & the other 3 & dropped em off at the pool . Justin Bieber interview . 265 billion reasons Katy Perry . Quadruple account 1st
positive	" In today 's Guide I faff around the set of TFI Friday , get drunk in its bar , chat with Chris Evans and accidentally sit on one of Little Mix "
positive	so sorry I have n't been on today I 've been busy but tomorrow in going to a Ed Sheeran concert ahh ! !
positive	oops i 'm rewatching nicki 's performance for probably the 5th time
neutral	" Still hungover and what not with no plans on this Saturday evening so this means I should see Paper Towns again , right ? "
positive	@USER may Allah bless Saudi Arabia and all Muslims in the whole word . And yes we will stop terrorism
positive	@USER hehe due to your answers I think we may be the same person lol #MTVStarOf2015 Lady Gaga
neutral	Kim Kardashian and Kanye West update : Saint West may be the couple 's last child : Kim Kardashian 's pregnancy co ... HTTPURL
neutral	Aviles ' RBI single in the 5th cuts White Sox lead to 4-1 .
neutral	" @USER @USER If Israel withdrew from West Bank tomorrow it would be taken over by Hamas , ISIS or Iran in a week . "
neutral	" It 's August 14th . David Price , who takes the mound tonight , wears no . 14 . Also , #BlueJays are looking to go 14-0 with Tulo in the lineup . "
neutral	" Paul Dunne may be an amateur , but he is a co-leader at #TheOpen and is older than his fellow co-leader , Jordan Spieth . "
positive	2nd Reading : James 2:1- 5 Class distinction should have no place among Christians . God champions the poor in the world . #Theinspiration
neutral	Thurs 12/10 : Thor the Elf is moving closer to our kitchen . Hmmm ... #ThortheElf2015 HTTPURL
neutral	only going to school tomorrow because nicki told me to ...
neutral	" When y'all can write lyrics that come close to Tupac , Ice Cube , or Eminem then and only then you may get my attention "
positive	I LOVE how aggressive both Serena & Venus are being off the 2nd serve return . Murray would lose this match ! @USER @USER
positive	U gotta love the Rahul Gandhi Afternoons . So much fun . Wonder why they do n't make him speak on Monday ... will help getting over Monday blues
positive	@USER sunday #FNS The debate did greatly change who I was seriously considering for the nominee . I now love Carly Fiorina .
positive	Laugh a Little : National Herald Case - Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi May Have to Aooesr at the Courts Here is ... HTTPURL
neutral	Monday Night Raw kicks off this Labor Day with the working man himself Seth Rollins #Madwoman
neutral	" Frank Ocean , you better be working on that album Saturday night since you cancelled your FYF appearance . "
neutral	What will happen to the clemency plea before the President ? SC says Yakub can be executed on Thursday .
positive	Great save by Howard thought Kane got his 1st of the season then tho #EFC #COYB
neutral	" It 's Friday , so you deserve this picture of Ice Cube on Space Mountain at Disneyland . HTTPURL "
negative	I 'm going to try to get it done before I see Shawn tomorrow but I do n't think it 's gunna happen
negative	" Charlie Hebdo may quite rightly enjoy freedom of speech , but to mock the deaths of over 200 people ? I think they have crossed a line "
neutral	@USER @USER Thursday probably listens to Iron Maiden and smokes cigars because he 's super hardcore
positive	" Walks into work tomorrow morning : " " Kevin how was your weekend ? " " Oh it was great , Kanye west made me understand my whole entire existence "
neutral	So ... Who 's up for seeing Ant-Man with me on Saturday ? 2:30 pm showing . Let me know !
negative	" Sorry to hear Justin Bieber was beaten by an NHS choir . However justified the emotions , violence is never the answer HTTPURL "
positive	" Sting , Dudley Boyz , and David Wright all returned tonight , what a way to start the week . #Raw #Mets #Monday "
negative	Most annoying twat ever ! But she brought Dunkin so I may just talk to her today ... HTTPURL
positive	" Buy Go Set a Watchman tomorrow guys , it 's a big deal "
negative	" @USER tom Brady did not deflate balls , but was suspended for 4 games bc he may or may not have known it was being done "
neutral	@USER Do you have a store in Singapore to buy Moto G 3rd Generation phone ?
positive	" @USER I take that back , I get paid tomorrow so what 's Gucci have a nice new day "
neutral	In case anyone else wants to read the facts about Caitlyn Jenner 's accident . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER there 's just something about Sunday 's that throws Dustin Johnson off . Maybe he can get back going on Monday .
positive	John Kasich on Tuesday will become the 16th major Republican candidate for president
neutral	" If monk goes , who in our coaching staff will replace him in the interim ? KoL ? Curtis ? we may need a sweep of coaching staff too ? "
neutral	" @USER come on , you know most white people know about Friday . It was the only movie that I was n't scared of Ice Cube . "
negative	" Why do Christians support Jews and Israel ? The 3rd Temple will not be built on the MOUNT , instead in the PRESENCE of G-d at the WALL ;) "
neutral	@USER fans freaked out ' cause Shawn just tweet that and starts to think that our fandom may change into Homies HTTPURL
positive	Raise your hand if you thought David Wright would return on August 24 with the #Mets five games up on the #Nats ...
neutral	Just watched how Nicki called out bitch Miley Cyrus on stage at the #VMAs . May the one who has the biggest ass wins .
negative	" Boko Haram New Deadly Attack : Nigeria Warns US : On Monday , August 24 , Nigeria warned the United States and oth ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER the 3rd of Chris Evans 8 Comic book Super Hero franchises .
positive	Monday 's are n't so bad when your friend surprises you with last minute Sam Smith tickets !
negative	You know what sucks about Battleground this Sunday ? Dean Ambrose is not booked ! !
positive	I love waking up from a long ass dream of meeting Niall ... ( it was so real and different than Sunday morning I 'm soooo )
neutral	@USER @USER @USER Are you guys trying to work in another Sharknado reference for Friday ?
neutral	Gucci bags mind intimately december flourish the match yours singleton present-time addition in contemplation ...
positive	" I like Ice Cube , better than any of NWAs songs after the 1st album . Death Certificate is MY LP . 2015 & we still bustin up the chiffarobe "
negative	@USER he 's a has been . One season wonder like Kane . He 'll be gone come the end of the season when Chelsea finish 6th again .
neutral	" Please have you listened to Kendrick Lamar 's " " Black Friday " " ? A track he dropped on that black friday ? . . Do you ... HTTPURL "
positive	We had a blast at the Jason Aldean show on Saturday ! :) Check out all the pics . HTTPURL
neutral	Former Bristol White Sox pitcher James Casey with 3 catches for 30 yards on Saturday for #Broncos in preseason game . @USER
neutral	Kurt Angle is the only man to pin or submit Brock Lesnar in singles competition from June-August in MMA or Pro wrestling . He did it 3 times
positive	@USER Have a great 2nd birthday Prince George I hope u have a lovely day with lots of lovely pressies ! !
positive	SO excited to see Holiday Market at Twilight on the list ! Join us tomorrow from 5-7 pm ! HTTPURL
neutral	" jc turned water into wine , died for our sins and raised from the dead on a Sunday godbless ( jc = john cena ) "
neutral	@USER Milan must score in the 2nd half
positive	" Kendrick Lamar 's Black Friday verse was Lit . Too lyrical and poetic , I have it on repeat infact Threepeat . JCole was good too though "
neutral	" The Vamps , look you are in The Sun Paper #HappyVampers @USER HTTPURL "
positive	" Zac Brown Band will perform @USER tonight and tomorrow night His song " " Heavy Is The Head " " ft Chris Cornell HTTPURL "
neutral	There may be lovers who hold out their hands but He 'll never love you like I can can can #MTVHottest Sam Smith
neutral	" Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker talked tough on immigration Monday , saying he had a " " similar " " approach to that of real estate mogul Donald "
neutral	Do you guys believe that Floyd Mayweather will retire on September 12th ? Give me your input
neutral	" Luke Bryan Friday night ticket , Jason Aldean ticket , and Darius Rucker ticket for sale ! Let me know if you want them ! "
positive	That moment you realise Justin Bieber may be better at freestyling than Young Thug Do n't forget to Like our page ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER oh the 5th one in the back is John cena for sure
positive	" @USER literally just learned that " " otter " " was a thing on Tuesday . Gay roommate is teaching me so much . "
negative	Damn dawg you weak ass niggas are really berating Kendrick . HTTPURL
positive	" I just can't wait to see Paul McCartney in October folks , sorry for being a dork "
positive	" Kris Bryant sent Cubs fans home happy Monday , belting a walk-off , solo home run in the ninth inning versus the Indians . "
positive	Murray now holds to love and he levels the 4th set at 5-5 . Pressure straight back on Anderson . His longest match at the Open #USOpen
neutral	@USER Just because I made up a 10th or 11th Tails I forgot . If you Watch Naruto then you already .. but I 'm over it .
neutral	Michael Babatunde : Super Eagles midfielder expecting 1st child with wife HTTPURL
positive	Heading to the #RedSox game with my beautiful wife ! Consecutive Sunday Red Sox games for this guy
neutral	1st they didnt cheat 2nd you 're going against Kpop do n't you understand that it 's not just one band ? ? HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Well , Paul McCartney , Isabella Rossellini , Rafaela Carra and I were all born on June 18th and what does this tell about us ? "
neutral	" Coalition of the Unwilling : In the war on ISIS , U . S . allies Saudi Arabia , Turkey , and Israel may be playing bo ... HTTPURL "
positive	PS4 packed in shipping container from Sony . Dropping it off at FedEx tomorrow . Hopefully it will come back soon .
neutral	Gucci raft manes self-control august sprout up the brace thy minute twentieth-century securement towards all f ...
positive	" Did you know this Sunday is National Ice Cream Day ? At ABCO , this is a fun way for our team to enjoy the end of ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Featuring the best headers , volleys , long-rangers and team efforts from Real Madrid , FC United of HTTPURL "
neutral	All I wanna do is see Jason Aldean on the 23rd w / @USER @USER and @USER someone force Jill to go
neutral	Q : In which year Badr the 1st battle in the History of Islam was Fought ? A . 624 AD B . 620 AD C . 626 AD Answer A 624 AD #GB_JISKANI
negative	This Rahul Gandhi aka Raul Vinci needs his bags checked no matter where he goes #interpol May find some goodies !
neutral	John Cena has done 500 make-a-wishes . One for every point the DOW dropped on Friday when he was at the NYSE .
neutral	add a show in Milan on October 24th and attend the EMAs the day after @USER IT'S NOT HARD
neutral	Anyone interested in 2 Foo Fighters tickets for tomorrow night at Wrigley Field in the 200 level ? $ 350
neutral	Left knee inflammation lands Rangers ' Josh Hamilton on the DL for 3rd time this season .
neutral	" Saudi to review power , fuel subsidies : ministry : Saudi Arabia said Monday it plans to review the prices of hea ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Ohio Gov . John Kasich up to 7th - place tie in new Iowa Poll ; Ben Carson deadlocked with Donald Trump at the top HTTPURL
neutral	@USER I truly do n't think she 'll win ; she may not even be the nominee . Voting for Bernie as of now .. perhaps John Kasich
neutral	First debate : Is Tom Brady a cheater or is he innocent ? Be in the lecture hall at lunch on September 17th to find out .
neutral	" @USER Shawn please tell us something about your M & G in Spain , no one says anything and we are getting nervous bc the sale is tomorrow "
positive	seeing the Foo Fighters September 25th would be ideal
negative	" @USER She is entitled to her stance on gay marriage , but she may be in the wrong line of work now . She had ONE JOB . "
positive	" C'mon , Kendrick , C'mon . He shot my heart with those lines . "
positive	@USER Nice ... May be I do n't know much about Islam bt I respect it by heart & I think everybody should respect the other religion .
neutral	" @USER may I suggest Boogie Wonderland by Earth , Wind & Fire . Maybe a little bit of Tragedy by the Bee Gees "
neutral	" On this day in August 17 , 2009 ~ #RAW : Randy Orton & John Cena vs . Big Show & Chris Jericho HTTPURL "
negative	@USER Amy Schumer is the stereotypical 1st world Laci Green feminazi . Plus she 's unfunny
neutral	Bernie Sanders is right : Saudi Arabia is more focused on the conflict in Yemen than fighting ISIS HTTPURL via PolitiFact
neutral	" DON'T WORRY , they are going to kill the Sharknado w / a wall of fire that 's hotter than the sun , NASA is helping them , it 's a legit plan . "
neutral	#White Sox - Adam Eaton is not in the White Sox starting lineup on Wednesday . HTTPURL #Alarm HTTPURL
negative	you know you 're really sad when you 're sat crying listening to fucking sam smith :( ( (
neutral	@USER Allen ! ! ! Are you gonna be at Jason Aldean tonight ? I missed you Sunday at Darius ! :( lol Hope to see you tonight !
negative	I have an uneasy feeling .. last 2 times I felt this way was day before the attitude article & when Briana came to London .. I may be wrong tho
neutral	Mama G said we could go see Paper Towns tomorrow and I SWEAR if she cancels on me
positive	This is all time greatest and why we all luv and hate Kanye west but he is a human that keeps the world alive #YE HTTPURL
neutral	This is the Gratitude Journal in The Mail on Sunday ... right next to Katy Perry and Giselle Bundchen . What an ... HTTPURL
positive	Foo Fighters opening with everlong tomorrow is gonna be a hot shitty mess of emotions
neutral	" Tay Tay is in a roll i know im realizing this kinda late but c'mon she is on a roll baby ! ! Style , Blank Space , Bad Blood "
neutral	Ohhhh I just realized with the maintenance on SuperCard tonight it may be how they remove Hulk Hogan from the game .
neutral	Tech Council of Maryland and Prince George 's County Kick Off Collaborative Initiative with Reception on July 29 - HTTPURL
neutral	John cena got screwed thanks to the interference I think the WWE should they should have a rematch Monday night raw
positive	THURSDAY'S LIGHTNING DEAL ! Praise the sun and grab 70 % off our DARK SOULS range today at HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" Minimap is here with all the news about Metal Gear , Deus Ex , Hamlet , Ace Attorney , Nintendo , Amazon and PS4 ! HTTPURL "
negative	First we had the Charlie Hebdo thing back in January and now this ? ! WHEN IS THIS FUCKING ISLAMIST TERRORIST SHIT FINALLY GONNA BLOODY END ! ? !
neutral	" He 's all set for the Citi Field pictionary game " " @USER : Rehab update : David Wright draws a walk on a 3-2 pitch in the 1st . #Mets " " "
neutral	Behind the Scenes at Miss USA : Sun Kitten Swimwear Photoshoot HTTPURL via @USER
positive	" Ice Cube made his son a movie star . Now they should just do awhole new " " Friday " " with his son playing as him "
positive	" Ca n't wait till Thursday so ESPN can stop talking bout Tom Brady but on the flip side , he play Thursday smh "
neutral	ok tomorrow I 'll try to post the signs as nirvana members and songs - j
neutral	" The Undertaker defeated Brock Lesnar via submission at Sunday night 's WWE SummerSlam event ; however , the ... HTTPURL "
positive	Im doing a cover of act like you love me tomorrow with Shawn of course . Im gong to try to make it the best i can .
positive	" Rachael : Evening ! Unleashed is ON ! ! Kicking off your Monday night with The Vamps , Beyonce and X Factor winner Louisa all before 8p m ! x "
positive	Song # 2 Friday by Ice Cube Just came on and automatically started rapping it haha white ppl are n't ready !
negative	@USER What 's with all the day matches tomorrow on Ashe ? ? No Murray or Halep ? Can I change my tix ? #usopen
positive	Been following Naruto since I was in the 4th grade . I remember rushing to the TV Saturday night to watch it at 9 pm on Toonami .
neutral	Mirror : David De Gea 's mansion still on the market - despite Real Madrid transfer collapse HTTPURL #mufc
neutral	Murray gets the pass across . 1st and 10 from the 44 .
positive	@USER I hope to see u in Sharknado 4 ! April just gave birth to a baby inside a freaking shark ! she can survive everything ! #AprilLives
neutral	This just in : Kris Bryant 's home run ball replaces Pluto as farthest planet from the sun . #cubs
negative	WWE you guys probably had worst than Hulk Hogan . May I remind you but did n't a wrestler name Chris Benoit kill himself and his family ?
neutral	Saudi Arabia 's oil-induced cash crunch may come quicker than you think HTTPURL
neutral	#Cubs Kris Bryant exited Sunday 's game against the Brewers as a precautionary measure due to dizziness . HTTPURL
neutral	" If it ain't broke do n't fix it , why move kris Bryant up to 3rd when he 's hitting as good as he has all season at 5 "
neutral	" For all of you watching Sharknado , Tucker just hit his 2nd homer of the game and it 's the 5th inning ! #Tucknado "
positive	I start school tomorrow and I 'm only going because I do n't want Nicki to be mad at me
neutral	" @USER @USER Dr . Murray , do you have any openings for tomorrow morning ? #drmurray Need help ... "
positive	" I 'm loving all these quotes from the cry baby Royals about Thor 's 1st pitch to Escobar . If I 'm Matz , I 'm doing the same thing Saturday . "
neutral	What is Jamie Foxx doing sitting next to Niall like you could 've sat in a better spot just saying lol HTTPURL
positive	just listened to that She song by Tyler The Creator and Frank Ocean for the 1st time really nice track
neutral	" I told my uncle that Wade Miley is pitching for the Red Sox tomorrow and he responded " " I 'd rather see Miley twerk than see him pitch " " "
neutral	" Now I 'm done with Ant-Man , which would have been excellent if they kept Wright on , but is at least a lot of fun . More tomorrow . "
neutral	@USER @USER Sir / maam Anything on Salman Khurshid ? Tomorrow he might even beg with Pakistan to make Rahul Gandhi the PM of India
neutral	The Gladiatorial contests in Rome were not ceased because the Christians in Rome all sat on their hand . One monk stood up and yelled ' cease '
neutral	Scott Walker says he has no plans to repeal the 14th amendment : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	That was the best time for Kpop but where is Neverland ? ! HTTPURL
neutral	Not sure my eyesight can handle the prospect of lookalikes Jordan Spieth and Paul Dunne playing together tomorrow
negative	Man #guilty of plot to #kill Muslims with X-ray device - Aug 21 @USER 9:16 PM ET HTTPURL
positive	I feel like Dustin Johnson always has the lead early on and ... Well you know HTTPURL
positive	Zayn is the only reason that I might watch the VMAs tomorrow
neutral	" CNN changed the rules , and Carly Fiorina may make it into the next primetime GOP debate : HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	@USER Did what Jon deserves ... perfect AA John Cena will surly be 16th Time World Champion n USChampion Cena the Legend #Respect
positive	Brock Lesnar and Paul Heyman ... May be the only 2 reasons why I still watch WWE
positive	@USER you a big john cena fan 15th time champion best wrestler future legend ever deserves respect lol
negative	This is literally the exact same mistake Ice Cube made with ' Friday ' . Do n't do dis . HTTPURL
neutral	#MLB #Rangers Josh Hamilton will not be in the starting lineup for Saturday 's game vs Los Angeles . @USER
neutral	Monday Night Raw tonight and we have one thing confirmed ... Sheamus takes on Randy Orton at Battleground !
neutral	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL U2 , Mick Jagger , Fergie - " " Gimmer Shelter " " at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 25th "
neutral	tom brady supports Donald trump . Therefore he 's gonna throw 4 pics and pull his hamstring on Thursday night .
neutral	I predict Frank Ocean will drop his album in the wee hours of Thursday night
neutral	" Columbus friends , are any of you willing to go see the Sharknado 3 premier with me tomorrow night ? Actual party downtown , not a theatre ! "
neutral	" @USER @USER Who had the better " " Black Friday " " record J Cole or Kendrick Lamar ? "
neutral	" For you younger kids , Jan Brady has no relation to Tom Brady . nor to deflategate . Just , .. never mind . "
neutral	" After a leadoff double by @USER 8_gparra , Ryan Braun grounds to 1st to drive him in . #Brewers lead 1-0 in the 1st . #MILvsPIT "
neutral	ah the tables are now turned & it is * Jon Stewart * who will be the one getting destroyed in every news headline tomorrow thanks to John Cena
positive	" Paul Dunne : " " The ball does what you tell it to do . " " We all know he 's one to watch now ! Brilliant #TheOpen HTTPURL "
neutral	" your right David Price win tomorrow , I hope we win . I just prayed my rosary . soo i still believe in you Jays . go jay HTTPURL "
neutral	" Once NH Repubs got to know Scott Walker , his support tanked . Watch for that to spread across the country . : ) @USER HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER you are exceptionally ill equipped to recognise parodies of RSS propaganda that said " " all Muslims may not b terrorists ... " " :) "
neutral	" [ John Kasich 's ] tone of surrender may not have fazed the biased Buckeye audience , but it certainly bothered the GOP base . ~ @USER "
negative	@USER it 's a joke ! Troicki v young into a 5th set and on Sky go we are forced to watch Murray walking into the practice court ? ? ?
negative	" @USER azealia may not be the most famous rapper of all time but sadly , nicki 's songs are in billboard for her physique not talent "
negative	" @USER unfortunately , the White Sox have n't helped much this week . Hoping Samardzija can help tomorrow afternoon . "
neutral	@USER it has been Iron Maiden Friday so far .
neutral	" Anyone who wants to to come to the Sharknado party ( starts at 4 , 3rd one starts at 8) please bring $ 5 to help buy food , if you plan to eat "
negative	( taken from HTTPURL where the PM is clearly trying to avoid a future parallel with Tony Blair in history 's view of him )
neutral	Floyd Mayweather vs Andre Berto on September 12th ... I hope it 's better than the Pacquiao fight
neutral	Super Eagles Manager Sunday Oliseh has invited 18 foreign-based Players for the 2017 AFCON Qualifiers against Tanzania
neutral	" Aww shucks , Randy Orton won the title shot . Well I liked the commentary building how he 's going for his 13th WHC . Raising stakes is neat . "
neutral	" Or may be they 're not convinced that Yakub was a traitor , rather helping the authorities . It 's a perception game . HTTPURL "
positive	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL John Cena attacks Dolph Ziggler after his match with Randy Orton : SmackDown , Nov . 23 , "
negative	How about we fire John Kasich into the sun instead ? HTTPURL
neutral	Maybe John Cena will win the two titles at raw tomorrow ?
neutral	Kris Bryant 's dizzyness Sunday and HBP on the hand yesterday are concerning . I think he could benefit from 2-4 days off .
negative	@USER we know Harvey is lying his Fat azz off ... He already threatened Actors who stand in the way of Cate Blanchett 's 3rd Oscar . #Carol
negative	" Watching 50 Shades of Grey for the 1st time ... it 's SO bad . Like " " Twilight , " " if Edward were a shitty Dom and Bella was ... well , still vapid . "
neutral	The United Patriots Front has announced that it will rally in #Bendigo on October 10 as part of global rallies against Islam .
negative	George Osborne will on Tuesday reject calls for the UK to take part in latest Greek bailout : FT
positive	Such a good weekend planned . On route to the Foo Fighters today and then a beautiful wedding tomorrow !
neutral	" @USER @USER whatever platform , a bit of fun but we all know he will be a Real Madrid player tomorrow . "
neutral	Blue Jays beating the angels 5-1 in the 6th . Let 's go David price .
neutral	" GO SET A WATCHMAN drops tomorrow . ICYMI , I talked to indie bookstores around the country about their preparations HTTPURL "
neutral	Murray is 28 and at his peak . Not sure he can win another major . He may have to be content with his Wimbledon & US Open wins . #murray
neutral	@USER @USER remember how I 'm gonna come Monday and have Dunkin and watch you run your 2 mile :)
positive	the only reason why i wanna have tomorrow is because naruto and sasuke is gonna beat the shit out of madara in the next episode tomorrow ;D
neutral	Gucci bags death instinct self-assurance june devise the duplicated thy material approach enlargement as far a ...
positive	" Wow kudos 2 the students 4 #LoudYes Rahul Gandhi may go 4 another " " Atma Chintan " " #RahulStumped #RahulVsModi "
negative	@USER 1st / 2nd gen Kpop is not their taste ! I 'm being sarcastic and say my boys are OLD cause that 's what other fandoms say about them
neutral	@USER Was idolizing Hulk Hogan really a thing ? I may be too young to remember that if it was .
neutral	" Starting tomorrow in all Carrefour retail stores across Saudi Arabia , the first Bahri promotion ever . "
positive	Hawes & Curtis wishes you Season 's Greetings . Spend time with your loved ones and we 'll see you all tomorrow ! HTTPURL
neutral	Amy Schumer hosted Saturday Nigh Live recently and joked about being hacked : HTTPURL @USER #infosec #cyberday #cloud
negative	The Vamps tickets are on sale tomorrow and I 'm not going to get tickets . #theperksofworkingatthevenue
positive	" Janet Jackson on the 15th , then Ed Sheeran on the 20th . When there is good music , HC is all smiles . "
negative	Carly Fiorina should probably learn what ' organ harvesting ' actually is if she 's going to use the term on the Sunday morning talk shows .
negative	Floyd Mayweather do n't even come outside in may so how does he know what the weather is like . Fraud #MeekBeLike
neutral	@USER Do you think David Wright will be in the starting lineup on Monday ? Thinking of road tripping it to Philly !
neutral	Prob be double that of what PS4 had when it opened up the Bo3 beta to everyone last Friday .
positive	" Ant-Man was brilliant . Inside Out was spectacular . What a great year for movies so far . Loved today , just sat in the cinema ! "
neutral	@USER you know how the kris Bryant walked off on the 24th ?
neutral	I just want someone I can vibe with & most of girls expect Gucci and Michael Kors bags .. C'mon now let me get a real job first .
positive	Funny how when Holly Holm 's manager talks about quick turnaround he gets mocked by Dana White . But McG it 's OK ? SMH HTTPURL
positive	@USER it 's also reminds me of Bee Gees song for Saturday Night Fever soundtrack .. 70s vibe
neutral	vinicius vieira silv . @USER Have you seen these enticing Katy Perry images ? You may like : HTTPURL
neutral	" Houston , I 'm selling two tickets for the Sam Smith concert for this Friday at the Toyota Center ! Send me a message if your interested ! "
positive	" Today , we FINALLY beat Dark Souls ! ! ! Long stream tomorrow , #StarWarsBattlefront #Quiplash #WorldOfWarcraft are on the line up for tomorrow :) "
negative	" Would never vote for Kane for president , mostly with Kim Kardashian as his wife . No way in hell is she going to be the 1st lady "
positive	@USER @USER @USER Naruto is the way to go man . New episode tomorrow !
positive	Saturday Movie Matinee : Carly Fiorina Won the Debate Going Away HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	" Go watch Ice Cube 's music video for " " It Was A Good Day " " and you will see " " Stanley " " from Friday playing basketball with Cube lol "
neutral	Milan will play Bologna on the 6th of January when Serie A resumes after the Christmas break .
neutral	For sale : one Seth Rollins bronze statue . Caution : May or may not just be @USER in a box . #Merch
negative	James Corden telling Chris Evans ' young son about a fight his parents were having live on TFI Friday . #cringing
neutral	Cate Blanchett expertly shuts down journalists who ask her if she 's gay after starring in Carol 20 November 2015 ... HTTPURL
positive	I wanna go to the gay club tomorrow night
neutral	" @USER : Tony Blair also deceived the Labour Party , NEC & Cabinet in particular HTTPURL But he won 3 elections ! "
neutral	" #guardiannews Top Gear returns to BBC on 8 May : Its presenter , Chris Evans , said that the show is already bein ... HTTPURL "
positive	Still prefer the Nirvana cover because I can actually listen to it repeatedly . The only part I like is 1st chorus . HTTPURL
neutral	Contrast to the city of Milan . Last season 8th & 10th .. now currently 1st & 7th ..
neutral	" #OTD in 1957 The Quarrymen played the Cavern Club #Liverpool for 1st time , although Paul McCartney was away at scout camp . @USER "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER i know niggas that hit licks on Thursday then go home to catch the new episode of Naruto
neutral	" @USER Hi I work for @USER video desk , may we please use this video on our website for a story about Prince George 's bday ? "
neutral	" Get ready for Wednesday 's presentation at WF-IoT in Milan , about Smart IoT Notifications HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	" Calling all ladies ! Come celebrate Eid in East London this Sunday ! Join us for a day full of fun , games & food HTTPURL "
neutral	Brock Lesnar and the Undertaker in their May / December feud #RAW
negative	#Dubw Seems the @USER are Anti Good Friday Agreement . Same as Real IRA and CIRA . Some bedfellows there !
positive	@USER @USER I 'm so excited for the August 8th Chicago show and to hear calibraska live oh my goodness
neutral	Anyone taking their kids trick or treating tomorrow and would take Briana with them for a little while ?
neutral	@USER Please tell me you 're going in Celebrity Big Brother on Thursday .
positive	" Kane finding form at the right time , ready to score twice against Sunderland on Sunday ... "
neutral	" @USER Y does Carly Fiorina want to be president ? To be president , or to be the 1st woman president ? Her ego as big as the Donald 's ? "
neutral	Murray on the verge of being Scottish again for the 2nd time in a week ...
positive	@USER I love Israel . Love the Jews . So I may make a terrible Nazi . :( @USER @USER @USER
positive	If anyone wants to buy Kendrick Lamar tickets for the 19th and 20th of December let me know ! ! !
positive	" Everyone I know is going to the Ed Sheeran concert on September 25th , I can actually meet up with people at the concert I'M SO HAPPY "
neutral	@USER rolling stone says van Morrison 's astral weeks is the 19th greatest album . should be # 1 . happy 70th birthday van . 8-31- 15 .
negative	@USER @USER he wo n't be a legend by May when we do n't get top 4 and he ends up sacked like Seedorf at Milan
neutral	" Who 's better , Paul McCartney or John Lennon ? Get the facts from #MickRock : HTTPURL - #OnTheRecord premieres Sunday , 8 ET / 5 PT "
neutral	" At the Madison Square Garden special on Oct 3rd , Brock Lesnar will go one on one with that young up and comer , The Big Show . Sigh . - ^ JC "
negative	" Kamala , who defended Hulk Hogan following the racial tirade scandal that broke out on Friday , discussed the ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Holm wo n't beat Rousey . She may land a few good punches but she 'll get dropped on her head and submitted . #UFCNashville
negative	The Empire State Building is not lit up today . This picture was from the January attacks on Charlie Hebdo . HTTPURL
positive	Is it tomorrow night yet ? I 'm ready for David Wright .
neutral	Seth Rollins looks pretty strong in this match to say he has no help ! He may win this clean ! Who am I kidding ... CENAWINSLOL #SummerSlam
neutral	Have you seen this man ? Investigators with @USER say that he robbed a Dunkin ' Donuts on Tuesday afternoon . HTTPURL
neutral	" Can the Blue Jays Afford to Extend David Price ? : It may seem crazy , here in the thick of a pennant race , to di ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER TuLo and EE back in lineup tomorrow w David Price on the bump
neutral	@USER Chelsea and Liverpool lost now I hope Milan wins and Juventus lose tomorrow and it will be the perfect weekend
neutral	" August 28th , the day we finally get to hear what Ice Cube has got to say "
neutral	#MLB #Brewers Ryan Braun will not be in the starting lineup for Wednesday 's game vs Cleveland .
positive	" Gonna go to the city this weekend ( saturday most likely ) , shop a bit and watch Ant-Man , cause hell , I wanna see it ! "
neutral	@USER I 'm GUCCI ! Do you work tomorrow ?
negative	" I may have the ass of Kim Kardashian , but I 've the face of another celeb ! Now I need to work out whose cock I have ! HTTPURL "
negative	So I was at Dunkin and this idiot messed up my order 4 times then he said he was n't giving me my order the 5th like what the hell he stupid .
neutral	" The White Sox are now 11-3 in extras this season , and they 've got a chance to make it a winning road trip tomorrow . "
negative	Tom Brady 's tailbone is going to be broken next Thursday watch out
neutral	#GIF | Niall hitting Harry in the balls last night ( and was bent over for quite a while after it ! ) ( September 1 ) HTTPURL
neutral	" With two outs in the 1st , Ryan Braun hustles out a double to right-center . #Brewers "
negative	Real Madrid are the most corrupt club in the world ... So this ain't a surprise ! ! ! HTTPURL
positive	KPOP was life in 7th grade and it 's still life .
negative	" fox news sunday , there appears to be NO front - runner . I disagree with this , the front - runner was john Kasich he will challenge jeb bush "
positive	" PGA Awards TV Nominations Include Better Call Saul , Mad Men and Inside Amy Schumer : On Tuesday , the ... HTTPURL #tvupdate "
positive	" Stop by Friendship Village tomorrow 4 " " Star Wars Day " " ! I 'll be talking about the history of SW & also displaying some of my collection . "
neutral	" as I never have tweeted a line from the new paul mccartney song I dreamed of a while ago , here is a line " " you may be sitting on a bus " " "
positive	" @USER I will hear a U2 when I pass through the pearly gates . too bad I 'm not a Sunday school teacher , I 'd teach that "
neutral	Sharknado on Twitter : & quot ; Will April make it to ' Nado number 4 ? YOU DECIDE ! VOTE now using ... HTTPURL
positive	so on Friday I wore my Shawn shirt I got at the concert & everyone was complimenting me & telling me how much they loved him it was cute - a
positive	Your weekend just got a whole lot sweeter ~ today is National Ice Cream Day . C'mon downtown #GenevaIL for the BEST ! HTTPURL
neutral	Anderson absolutely killed Murray in the 4th set tie break 7-0 to win the match . How embarrassing for Murray
neutral	Really think @USER should have @USER as a guest for Bad Blood at the show Oct 17 in Dallas
neutral	Was just told Sharknado 3 comes out tomorrow lol
neutral	Skip 1st period with me and drive me to Dunkin . I 'll buy you coffee and donuts .
positive	Do n't miss the beast Brock Lesnar on ESPN tomorrow morning ! #BrockLesnar HTTPURL
positive	" Janet Jackson 's #Unbreakable Drops Oct 2nd - Single " " No Sleeep " " Regain # 1 spot on the Charts ! HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" Miss USA contestants prepare to take stage - BATON ROUGE , La . ( AP ) - - Women from across the country Sunday ... #news HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER She may have never met a gay guy . If she does , she may change her tune when she is charmed & actually laughs 4 the 1st time "
neutral	Okay ... I 'll admit it ... Taylor did a good job performing with Nicki ... I will be performing my own lobotomy tomorrow ... Bye
neutral	So bummed I 'm not going to Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean tomorrow
positive	" RIP Bo Dallas , we hardly knew you . Loved this . WWE RAW , Bo Dallas interrupt Brock Lesnar , Aug 24 , 2015 HTTPURL via @USER "
neutral	" last day of august , waiting for frank ocean to pull a beyonce . HTTPURL "
positive	@USER Great Saturday Night . Singing Sam Smith songs with my daughter and eating dinner .
neutral	" As the September 5 Africa Cup of Nations ( AFCON ) qualifier against Tanzania draws nearer , former Super Eagles ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" I wonder if you heard Frank Gifford died today ? , take care Roma HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER LOL the Exo fandom is always the 1st 2 pick war with others . Like literally from Kpop fandom to USUK . No one like them srsl
neutral	" Feel bad for the person who 's next to me at the Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow , because I 'm singing as loud as I possibly can lol "
neutral	Good to see a chicken hawk like Scott Walker can rattle the sabres when he never risked anything HTTPURL
neutral	" C'mon , of course they would ... - Conor McGregor says he 'd beat Floyd Mayweather - - and Ronda Rousey would too HTTPURL "
negative	" You 've just flushed your life down the toilet , Taker . This Sunday , Brock Lesnar will fucking kill you ! "
positive	@USER Maybe Gaiden characters ? 7th Hokage Naruto would be suuuuper lit . And Boruto comes out tmrw so maybe thats it
positive	how have I known about frank ocean since 9th grade and I JUST NOW realize he is a baller and probably one of the most inventive dudes in rnb
positive	im really happy tht Shawn won at the TCA on the 16th of August im proud of him . HTTPURL
neutral	" In unites states of America calling somebody or mention in the word " " NIGGER " " may cost you a job . Ask hulk Hogan ... HTTPURL "
positive	" New David Bowie tune to start Friday and its ten minutes long , good work David . A tour announcement now would make today perfect #Blackstar "
negative	Go figure on Miss USA is talking about bi racial and 1st time immigrants sad how the owner missed up the girls this yr .
negative	Frank ocean dropping his new shit on Feb . 30 the same day kizumonogatari is releasing
positive	Excited to move & sweat at the #Dance Yoga workshop this Sat HTTPURL Are you coming ? #yoga #London HTTPURL
neutral	Em is better at painting a picture with his words.and thats just my opinion .. cuz ppl view Kendrick 's 1st album as a story .. and I do n't .
negative	well it is the 3rd straight crappy week of Big Brother . Can we just skip ahead to the buy back competition ?
positive	David Bowie Is : sold out on December 28th and 29th ! There are no tickets available anymore at the cash register for today and tomorrow .
positive	" @USER Then again , this is coming from the girl who just saw Ant-man for the 3rd time "
neutral	@USER so i would guess that Seth Rollins will be kissing the belt good bye Sunday most likely
positive	" @USER happy 2nd birthday prince George hope you have a great day with your mother , father and baby sister love you all xoxo "
neutral	Gucci bags breath of life fervent hope february germinate the both thy organic being entering appendage till a ...
positive	That was a day ... Paul McCartney may be the best Lolla set I 've ever seen
negative	" Go Set a Watchman is out tomorrow . This means we can expect to see speed readers on the news . " " I read it in 45 minutes " " " " Piss off . Now ! ! " " "
negative	@USER John cena has Seth Rollins a * * in his hands tomorrow and someone please kick Jon Stewart 's a * * all over the ring
neutral	" Kanye West , 808s and Heartbreak performed in its entirety for the first time Sat , 9/26 @USER Hollywood Bowl "
neutral	" #AllLivesMatter ... White , Black , guy , girl or even a Caitlyn Jenner whatever that may be stop the violence 2k15 "
neutral	" Curtis , what was that false alarm in late July ? ? ? Or the gook Something is being prepared .. "
neutral	Frank Gifford was what the NY Giants were all about in the 50 ' s and 60 ' s . 1st class
neutral	" I have extra tickets to Jason Aldean at Riverbend tomorrow , message me if you 're interested ! "
neutral	" @USER I would purchase PS4 tomorrow however until the Logitech G27 is fully supported across the board , NO DEAL ! ! ! "
neutral	This man Frank ocean said all our daughters and our sons .. Are just candles in the sun ... Yo .
positive	" We are passing the ball well but no movement in the final 3rd , Kane was in our own half from defending in that attack ! "
neutral	" @USER " " Last Friday " " , where Ice Cube had to recreate the Last Supper perfectly to raise money , or be crucified by the drug dealer . "
negative	Will the PM stand by and watch his colleagues crush the voice of our people ? : Rahul Gandhi HTTPURL
positive	" National Hot Dog Day is July 23 , come join us for the all American celebration . "
neutral	" With Frank Gifford 's passing , Keith Jackson is the lone survivor of the original Monday Night Football telecasters HTTPURL "
neutral	" For the holiday season , the gallery will close from 24 Dec and reopen on 4 Jan in London and 6 Jan in Milan HTTPURL "
neutral	CLASSIC HITS UK just played - Bee Gees - First Of May
neutral	My new book - - Islam 's Jesus NOW IN PAPER with a special discount until 1 May via
neutral	@USER @USER account to Kims MOTHER Kim was born 1976 she turned 39 July 11 . Nicki will be 33 in 4 months . My accuracy > urs
positive	@USER well played at sumer slam seth may win the game but the real champ is here john cena
neutral	How can you not root for Paul Dunne tomorrow ? With all the mini tours I did n't think there were amateurs capable of contending at a major .
positive	Depp joins Cate Blanchett & Saoirse Ronan as an honoree at the 27th annual Palm Springs International Film Festival HTTPURL
neutral	If Sunday Oliseh can get the best out of Rabiu Ibrahim ... makes a lot of sense moving 4ward for d Super Eagles
neutral	Yakub held last talks with his brother Usman and Suleiman on Wednesday evening . He told them to take care of his wife and daughter .
positive	" We 're not so far from Lady Gaga , c'mon ! We can do it ! #MTVSTARS One Direction "
neutral	" TOMORROW ! Scott Walker essentially said black lives do n't matter . Not joking , just saying . #EDWeekly 7 @USER HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER just as hard to get an atmosphere on a Saturday when you have Murray v Falling over Latvian .
neutral	No one thought Tlusty / Stempniak were the best . Just wanted depth because we knew Thor was going to get 3rd line mins HTTPURL
negative	@USER I stand with israel and they may take my home and food ... no thanks God taught me to avoid pits of snakes .
neutral	N . W . A : Inside the Original Gangstas ' Rolling Stone Cover Story HTTPURL @USER comments may be better than the article
positive	" Ed Sheeran s " " X " " returns to the top of the World Album Charts for the 3rd time HTTPURL "
negative	I thought this may have been entertaining after nicki 's moment but it 's actually very painful
positive	everything i do in life set to the instrumental of last friday night by katy perry
negative	" My dad just said we can't get Dunkin tomorrow morning ... , who does he think he is , telling me no ? ? ? "
neutral	Safety for Kane and the wolves go up 24 to 0 with 257 to go in 1st half over Cameron county . #d9football
positive	Hope every celebrating Eid had a fantastic time ! ! ! We will be open from tomorrow again at 12pm . Thank you for ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Israel approves natural gas exports to Egypt - JERUSALEM , Dec 24 ( Reuters ) - Israel 's government has given the ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER The 1st Amendment protects EVERYONE'S rights - even those who agree with gay marriage . Should we revoke it ?
positive	Shoutout to @USER for going with me to see Ant-Man ( highly recommend ) and scoring us free ice cream yesterday . Best 2nd to last day here
positive	May go see Ant-Man tonight . Anyone interested ?
negative	John Cena may have been injured tonight at a WWE live event .
positive	Bingo with Curtis ! Tonight at 7pm on the 1st Floor in the Community Room .
negative	" Who killed Gaddafi dissident Ali Abuzeid ? Why was the killer never brought to justice ? " " Tony Blair sold my dad out " " HTTPURL "
neutral	Why are the Red Sox and Yankees playing a 4pm Wednesday game ?
neutral	@USER can Son and N'Jie give us what we need to supplement Kane until the January window ?
positive	David Wright is back baby ! Home run from 1st ball ending with 2 for 5 #WrightOnTime 16-7 win over The Phillies HTTPURL
neutral	Join us for a Bottomless Mimosa Brunch tomorrow prior to the Foo Fighters Concert ! Who 's in ? HTTPURL
positive	Pretty sure when me and the siblings exchange presents tomorrow there 'll be 3 Justin Bieber Purpose albums in the gaff
neutral	" Attempting to read " " Paper Towns " " in one sitting so I can watch it 's final showing tomorrow at Macquarie Shopping Centre . "
positive	" Sun like this , after dark days , does n't happen without a song in my head . Thank you , George Harrison . "
positive	" Terry Collins " " did n't want 2 mess with top of lineup ! Having Cespedes hit 3rd & David Wright 4th should be fun to watch ! " " @USER "
neutral	" August 25th ; Kanye West and Frank Ocean host private listening party , play each other 's albums on repeat while laughing at the world "
neutral	" FEATURE-Milan scrubs up after years as Italy 's ugly sister : MILAN , Sept 8 ( Reuters ) - Long the ugly sister to ... HTTPURL "
neutral	People are Photoshopping pictures of Chris Evans to make his waist look smaller ? C'mon that 's just as gross as when it 's done to women
positive	" @USER did n't briana and Louis were " " together " " around march ? Well , at least that 's what I read on the magazines . "
negative	" ... the same wiv white " " Christians " " over in the deep south of USA , most of them are not real Christians , they just go to church every sunday "
negative	This was bozo Trump 's moronic Charlie Hebdo tweet from back in January - not about last night 's atrocity . HTTPURL
positive	" Hope everyone 's have a nice weekend . Here 's the latest WWE Power Rankings : August 7 , 2015 01 Seth Rollins 02 ... HTTPURL "
positive	" To me , Zayn vs Neville last December was the definitive wrestling match , after tonight it 's Bailey vs Sasha . High spots , false finishes .. "
neutral	Yakub will be hanged tomorrow . But his execution has exposed ugly face of our journalists . Is n't it . HTTPURL
neutral	How has Islam established the greatest intellectual civilization of the world throughout several centuries ? HTTPURL #sun
positive	" The weather-LA is " " beyond Nirvana " " 365.25 days per year ! ! Lol enjoy it . Oct is coming ! ! ! Lol HTTPURL "
negative	From here on out I will no longer celebrate the pagan holiday of Thursday ( Thor 's Day )
negative	" 14 July , 1099 Jerusalem was conquered by the Crusaders.Tens of thousands of Muslims , Jews , & Orthodox Christians were massacred . "
neutral	Gonna watch Sharknado 3 tomorrow on demand so I do n't have to watch the fucking commercials
positive	#Sharknado3 This is a billion times cooler than Brock Lesnar destroying the catilac with an axe on Monday night raw .
negative	What the fuck . Paul McCartney is finally coming back to Detroit and tickets go on sale tomorrow . I do n't have 8000 dollars
neutral	It 's official : Ronda Rousey will get immediate rematch with Holy Holm : UFC boss Dana White said Thursday that ... HTTPURL
positive	" David Price out of the 1st . OMG you guys , Ivan Nova is a Yankee ! #BlueJays "
positive	I 'm about to see Shawn on October 16 and I 'm super excited
positive	How about a little Facebook Fun Friday ! Like this post for a chance to win a $ 10 gift card to Dunkin ' Donuts ... HTTPURL
negative	" Tomorrow we will have to listen to 7 or 8 Scott Walker walkbacks , as usual . And the press will eat it up . What a failure all around . "
neutral	" By Isla Binnie MILAN , Sept 8 ( Reuters ) - Long the ugly sister to Florence , Venice and Rome , Italy 's business capital Milan is enjoying a "
neutral	#skateboarding Justin Bieber skateboarding backstage at the Billboard Hot ... - HTTPURL #RT #Retweet HTTPURL
positive	" Chris Archer ( TB ): 4th Rays pitcher with 200 strikeouts in a season ( joins Scott Kazmir , David Price & James Shields ) "
positive	Dang ! Watch Paper Towns for the 3rd time
neutral	Ryan Braun was a late scratch from Monday 's game with lower back tightness .
positive	We beat Red Sox 3-1 . Let 's win the series tomorrow afternoon . #MLB . #Yankees .
neutral	Tomorrow Tom Brady takes the field ... and this scandal has awakened a dormant giant . I think Tom was gonna take it easy on the league and ..
positive	" Went and saw Paper Towns on Friday . It did a pretty good job of covering most of the novel 's main points , but different spin on it too . "
neutral	" @USER @USER I know you all will make a big dial over Prince George Bday , remember Winnie Fallon July 23rd . #orangeroom "
neutral	" Let the romance rumors continue ! In a sneak peek clip from this Sunday 's brand new episode of I Am Cait , Caitlyn Jenner heads over to BFF "
positive	" I scream , you scream , we all scream for ice cream ! ! National Ice Cream Day is Sunday July 19th ! All Sitel ... HTTPURL "
negative	" George Osborne has never been Eurosceptic . When I 1st met him in mid 90s , he opposed ruling out joining Euro HTTPURL "
positive	Tomorrow 's national hot dog day apparently . I 'm excited .
neutral	@USER @USER Ah Curtis must have passed it around from Tuesday
positive	" The Undertaker and Brock Lesnar going at it on Monday Night Raw was unbelievable , another reason why I am fan of professional wrestling . "
neutral	Error on Mariners SS Miller and the White Sox tie it 5-5 with 2 outs in the bottom of the 9th .
neutral	" Many ppl have to put religious beliefs aside when it comes to work : Jews , Muslims , 7th Day Adventists etc . Why Kim Davis think she special ? "
positive	" the " " somebody talk " " in rising sun literally brought Kpop from the brink of death "
positive	I hope there 's a STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON DVD extra where you see Ice Cube write all of FRIDAY and laugh at every joke as he does .
negative	" Evil , like the rolling stone upon a mountain-top , a child may first impel , a giant can not stop . ~ Richard C . Trench "
neutral	" @USER I know , right ? I wanted to go today but Mr . Milan convinced me it would be too busy . Maybe Tuesday . "
neutral	Nigeria has retained 53rd position in the latest FIFA global rankings released on Thursday . Super Eagles will ... HTTPURL
positive	" People always wanna be the next MJ , the next Rousey , I just wanna be the best me . I may go further than those so why limit myself ? "
neutral	" #Rangers have placed Josh Hamilton on the 15 - day DL , retroactive to August 16 . "
neutral	All these slugs going to Zac Brown Band tomorrow are missing the real show @USER @USER #30thAnniversary #CallMeAl #Rosie
negative	Taylor tried to milk the LGBT community again on Sunday night . WHY AM I THE ONLY GAY MAN THAT'S SEEING THROUGH HER BULLSHIT ?
positive	" @USER without nerves . So , when Thor left the room he sat there . And waited . It did n't take long for them to roll out the big + "
negative	" @USER @USER if PM Modi is for us he must ban 6th December , Muslims procession against us "
neutral	" TFI Friday does n't look like it 's coming back , as Chris Evans focuses on new-look Top Gear HTTPURL "
neutral	The Safeco Field roof is being closed as #Rangers open the 11th with back-to-back singles . Runners on the corners for Josh Hamilton .
positive	1st match of the night : Randy Orton vs . Sheamus . Let 's get it on ! #SummerSlam #WWENetwork #WWEBrooklyn #RandyOrton #Sheamus
negative	Everybody better hide tomorrow . If Brock Lesnar is there he will fuck shit up again . No one is safe lol
negative	Body pls get your shit together and get rid of this flu tomorrow is Star Wars day ffs
negative	Frank Ocean may be the most inconsiderate artist of this generation .
positive	" Been watching ' montage of heck ' and liking it a lot , love to map his march to being an artist and nirvana becoming great .. "
positive	@USER Iron Maiden will probably keep me going until the match tomorrow night lol
neutral	Yeah that 's just what I wanted ... hearing about Kanye West non-stop heading into a Monday . #not
positive	I 'm going to Dunkin tomorrow and ordering 10 iced mocha coffees for myself to stay awake and complete all this work @USER
positive	Superb . Brilliant . Stunning . We need say no more about @USER so far and wish Paul Dunne good luck for Monday . #proud #thedream
neutral	" 1st driver change in the @USER #24hbcn Sjaco out , Milan in . P3 in Class . The HTM Saker is doing fine as well ! "
neutral	" John Cena looked woozy from the pop-up powerbomb , then even more after the messed up sunset flip HTTPURL "
neutral	" #MLBFantasy David Wright is back in the Mets ' starting lineup , batting cleanup and playing third base , Thursday night against the Phillies . "
positive	Here we go boys ! ! ! Great job by Thor tonight ! ! ! And the Captain ! ! Huge spot for the Long Island kid Matz tomorrow .
neutral	Check out Friday 's Interview with Singer Jessica Clemmons of Jess And The Bandits and Performer and Yoga Teacher ... HTTPURL
neutral	Nigerian Troops have discovered Boko Haram terrorists supply routes : Nigerian troops on Wednesday said it has ... HTTPURL
neutral	People are blaming John Gibbons for letting DAVID PRICE go out for the 8th inning ? ? ?
positive	A BIG day at Cardiff Airport tomorrow for Iron Maiden fans ! Watch this space to find out what 's going ... HTTPURL
negative	Both semi 's of the 2004/05 UCL were sick ! ! The Milan - Psv 2nd leg was just nasty
neutral	Wish I had someone to go see Amy Schumer with me on Saturday ! !
negative	#RahulStrikes pls ask Rahul Gandhi if he forgot the 14th n 15th charge as he was referring to a piece of paper and with borrowed aggression
positive	When Mr . David Bowie wrote this song I 'll bet he took the rest of the day off . HAPPY SATURDAY WORLD ! PLAY NICE ! ... HTTPURL
neutral	Hollywire tv wtf wednesday talking about zayn 's twitter feud is quite relevant
neutral	Ronda Rousey zinged boxing star Floyd Mayweather at the #ESPY awards Wednesday . HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Tomorrow I will continue Salkeandote I 'll go to sleep , good night Shawn , I want you to rest . "
neutral	Gucci plenty inner man equilibrium june bear fruit the mates yours esoteric in offshoot versus dead shot robus ...
neutral	" Murray 6-3 6-2 . First set 50mins , 2nd 34 . Bellucci 's fine start , belief , fading fast , Murray steady with flashes of his best , like SP pass . "
neutral	For anyone going to Sam Smith tomorrow he rescheduled to September 30th
neutral	Is anyone going to go see Kendrick at day for night tomorrow ? ! ?
negative	" @USER It 's against the Constitution to turn Christians into 2nd class citizens for disagreeing with homosexuality , like it or not "
positive	" KPOP may not be my friend , but at least he knows how to make my day a little brighter and my mood a little better . "
neutral	Brock Lesnar vs Undertaker Sunday Night . I 'm about as hyped as one can be for a scripted ( almost ) sporting event
positive	" @USER lol not you , silly . I 'm having Eid at my house this Saturday and I wish you could come ! "
positive	Lance McCullers strikes out Josh Hamilton - his first out of the inning . Now on pace to throw 96 pitches in the 1st . #onpaceguy
negative	" Amnesty for IRA murderers , some with dubious pasts are in govt in NI , free from prosecution , but today ex-para is arrested re : Bloody Sunday "
neutral	" Hey John Cena , guess who else is about to challenge Rollins for his 16th title reign ... #raw #sting #tna #wcw HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER Any idea if the Moto G ( 3rd gen ) will be available on Verizon anytime soon ? HTTPURL
positive	" Little game to cure your Thursday boredom thanks to Iron Maiden If the boss catches you playing , we did n't show ... HTTPURL "
neutral	HTTPURL #music PAUL McCARTNEY ( the Beatles ) Original Concert Ticket ( 23 sept 1993 )
positive	Who wants to go see Ant-Man tomorrow ? I believe it 's a film about a man who 's imbued with all the powers of a guy named Anthony .
positive	A historic milestone ... Women in Saudi Arabia vote for the first time in municipal election ! #DLC_Law30 HTTPURL
neutral	Just in : John Kasich makes the cut for the main #GOPdebate stage Thursday night .
neutral	Ice Cube says Straight Outta Compton critics should make their own NWA movie HTTPURL
neutral	" Super Eagles coach , Sunday Ogorchukwu Oliseh has downplayed the absence of Lille Metropole of France keeper , Vincent Enyeama from his squad "
neutral	Kohls has about fifteen racks of pats stuff and nothing Red Sox come on I want a new shirt for the game tomorrow
neutral	Not sure Archie is to interested in this drab England performance . Kane on 2nd half . Maybe he can play with Rooney HTTPURL
positive	" Dana White may very well have the world 's best piece of furniture . " " Any questions ? " " Nope . We 're good here . HTTPURL "
neutral	Can someone take me to Blossom on the 18th to see Ed Sheeran
neutral	It 's august 31st . Pumpkin flavor is back at dunkin . And I have already had it . #prematurebutitsok
neutral	@USER congress may declare Yakub as a martyr and declare him as junior father of the nation !
negative	I feel bad for Camila after all .. 1st Ausmila for publicity ( cus I do n't believe that shit was real ) now with Shawn .. Let the girl be in love
neutral	does anybody want 2 tickets to go see Zac Brown Band on August 15 ? 100 $ for the both of them . DM me or Jimmy if you 're interested ! !
positive	Just watched a Teens React video on Youtube where a guy named Shant said he liked ' old music ' like Nirvana . Happy Monday .
positive	Respect for mother occupies a very high position on the ladder of Islam non can compared in terms of love and care . May Allah help them
positive	" @USER can I have 2 tickets to Iron Maiden , baby ? Come with me Friday , do n't say maybe ( I mean Heaven m8 , be kl plz ) xoxoxoxoxoxoxo "
neutral	" Witsel 's agent : " " He wants to join #ACMilan , he already talked with Zenit.If Milan is interested too he 's ready to fly to Italy tomorrow " " . "
neutral	" Katy Perry Jabs Taylor Swift : Katy Perry may have spilled a little more " " Bad Blood " " in the Taylo ... HTTPURL #gossip #news "
neutral	" @USER Hi , Kane . We 're sorry for the inconvenience . May we please have your ticket number and e-mail address via DM ? Thank you . "
positive	Enjoy the 3rd day of Eid with great relish :)
neutral	Bajrangi Bhai jan I do agree with you brother should not be hanged for brother . But Mr . Yakub is also accused ... HTTPURL
positive	" I Believe in Islam like I Believe in The Sun Rising . Not Because I Can See it , But Because By it , I See Everything . HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER but then I have to leave the house early to get dunkin and I 've already accepted the fact that I 'm going to be late tomorrow
positive	Sulli is my 1st bias the one who brought me into Kpop . I will miss seeing her in F ( x ) & I will still support her . HTTPURL
positive	" @USER I 'm pretty sure he still does n't . The only person with real answers IS JOHN CENA , THIS SUNDAY NIGHT AT THE THUNDERDOOOOME @USER "
neutral	" I touched base w / the United States for the 1st time in Greenbelt , MD - Prince George 's County . "
positive	next monday is going to a year since my wwa show and niall 's bday I am so emo
positive	my moms best friend was talking about how my mom wore nirvana t shirts and baggy jeans in the 6th grade . mmmmm stylish .
neutral	I have two Sam smith tickets for tomorrow night @USER the Toyota center ! ! Text me if u want them 7138701854
neutral	It 's September 1st and 12 more days until niall 's birthday and on his birthday it 's going to be A YEAR SINCE I SAW THE BOYS FOR THE WWAT
negative	@USER I recently got oddly misty-eyed over that night George Osborne sat in the wrong carriage
neutral	@USER would you be able to help me meet Cam or Shawn in NYC on Wednesday please
neutral	" Top tip : Those " " Not Afraid " " rally pictures are from January with Charlie Hebdo . "
negative	My sushi coworkers are apparently all going to LA on the 24th and I 'm somehow stuck covering for all of them . What about my Star Wars day ?
positive	Corvo is back tomorrow on next gen ! Pick up the excellent Dishonored on Xbox One and PS4 from tomorrow . HTTPURL
positive	nothing in the world is better than laying in the sun listening to nirvana
neutral	" Celts 4Life88 : therealbeckman : Some day at the TheOpen today , padraig_h or Paul Dunne to do the business tomorrow ! #TheOpen2015 #coybig "
positive	So ... I may be obsessed with Thor now ... and sorta Loki ... especially of the slash pair known as Thorki @USER @USER
negative	Chris Evans is going to New Orleans wizard world in Jan & I just found out today I 'm so upset
neutral	O dear Kane may be going bye bye from the hawks ... we will see how this one plays out
positive	You may be cool but you 'll never be ' I share my birthday with Paul McCartney ' cool like me
negative	Sorry but on September 12 I will be watching the Oklahoma Tennessee game not Floyd Mayweather hugging someone for an hour .
positive	" Ant-Man is important . No matter how small his role in Civil War may actually be , he is still there for a reason . Do n't downplay him . "
neutral	Israel vows to fight Brazil 's rejection of envoy pick : Israel on Sunday vowed it would push the appointment of ... HTTPURL
positive	Ca n't believe I 'm seeing the Foo Fighters on Sunday .. How did I ever think it was okay to miss it
neutral	No mention that Thatcher Blair and major also talked to the IRA or else no good Friday agreement #bbcqt
neutral	Am I the only one who 's seeing David Bowie ? HTTPURL
neutral	" This day in rock history : November 1st , 1968 George Harrison released his first solo album Wonderwall Music on the Apple label "
neutral	It 'll be interesting to know what content Kendrick comes up with for his 3rd album and what it 's conceptual conception will be about
positive	Goodnight friends I love you and Niall and I can't wait to sEE THE BOYS AGAIN TOMORROW AHHHHDNFCN
positive	" @USER Welcome to the 21st century , cuz ! Ginger and I saw Foo Fighters last Sunday , here 's a pic . HTTPURL "
negative	" In case you turned your Internet off today , Nicki Minaj and Taylor Swift had some Bad Blood on Wednesday . HTTPURL "
positive	@USER I 'm thinking Dustin Johnson should get the 4th spot in the #GrandSlamofGolf
neutral	New Post : VIDEO : Watch Sunday Oliseh talk about his plans for Super Eagles HTTPURL pls re-share #newsonlineng
neutral	Want to find out more about how Eid al-Fitr is celebrated around the world ? Join us in the PG Hub tomorrow ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Javier Tebas : " " I had a conversation with Real Madrid , they rang me on Monday night . " " HTTPURL "
neutral	I may or may not see John cena tonight
positive	Dustin Johnson back on top in 1st round of a major can he hold on this time
neutral	Opine-With Clintons missing E 's Ever wonder if Huma her Lover who has ties wUnited Brotherhood of Muslims she may sent Classified One 's 2Them
neutral	frank ocean said he dropping an album at july . its july 40 and theres no new frank ocean . I aint acknowledging august till he drop the album
neutral	Hey guys ... David Price starts for the Blue Jays tomorrow ...
neutral	Fact : Tom Brady vs . Ben Roethlisberger will be the 1st Week 1 matchup in NFL history in which both starting QBs who have won multiple Rings .
positive	" Bad Blood is # 1 at pop radio for a 6TH WEEK ! To celebrate , I 'll be posting behind the scenes videos : @USER HTTPURL "
neutral	" Another quick inning for Kuma in the 2nd as the #Mariners lead the White Sox , 3-0 . Seager will open the 3rd inning . HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER @USER agree . We need every country that is pissed off with Muslims to march against Islam at same time , same day "
neutral	I actually spent my whole Sunday night watching Justin Bieber videos from YouTube on the tv
positive	@USER Yeah I did n't get on here over the weekend so missed all of that ! But seeing the Foo Fighters Saturday was awesome !
positive	" Thanks to my mother in law , I am going to see Justin Bieber in march . I am the happiest person alive rn "
neutral	Not being funny but is it true that Saudi conceded that they got it wrong by declaring Eid on the Friday ? ...
neutral	Seth Rollins kicks off #RAW and he may have a message for Sting .
positive	Tomorrow will be one year since I 've seen / met Shawn for the first time
positive	So ... Uh guys . Sharknado is tomorrow . Would anyone wanna celebrate it with me on WadaTwitter
neutral	" SM : Sold out derby ? : With days still to go before the kick off Sunday evening between Inter and Milan , it is o ... HTTPURL "
positive	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL WWE RAW , Seth Rollins vs Randy Orton for the WWE World Heavyweight Champion , Aug 10 , "
negative	" @USER Dude John Cena would fail every drug test on the planet , that dudes head may actually be bigger than Titos #UFC191 "
positive	@USER love you too bro . Be safe on the road back home so we can see Kendrick tomorrow .
neutral	Fulfilled Prophecies of the 20th & 21st Centuries America and Israel HTTPURL via @USER
positive	' Milan ' appeared on Monday 14 at the 17th place in the Top 20 of Stockholm 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	" Lady Gaga , Diane Warren , Kirby Dick , & Amy Ziering sat down with The New York Times . Watch the full video here : HTTPURL "
neutral	" Have 4 tickets available for Justin Bieber at London o2 on the 11th of October Block B3 , Row K , Seat 49-52 #JustinBiebertickets "
negative	" be fair 1 in 4 had sympathy for the Charlie Hebdo attack . getting better .. Kum bay ya , my Lord , kum bay ya HTTPURL "
positive	" Foo Fighters concert tonight , bachelor party tomorrow , and wedding Saturday . Best wishes , liver . "
negative	And some fools still believe Boko Haram are Muslims . They kill more Muslims than Christians . How does that make sense ? May Allah help us all
neutral	" Former Mississippi Sen . Trent Lott announced Tuesday he is endorsing Republican presidential hopeful John Kasich , ... HTTPURL "
positive	Had a full conversation about Zayn leaving One Direction with my education professor in front of the whole class today . Happy Wednesday
positive	" Tie between " " September " " by Earth , Wind , & Fire and " " How Deep Is Your Love " " by the Bee Gees HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER " " I may have thy fist bumped . " " Thor is her fist for Tony to bump with his . "
negative	the one time i just want to put my hair in a bun and wear yoga pants tomorrow i can't /:
positive	@USER Got John Fogerty concert ticket for my birthday . Looking forward to the concert tomorrow night ( July 26 ) in Prince George BC
negative	@USER @USER @USER Big Show and Kane have zero business finishing 3rd and 4th in the Rumble .
neutral	Ever wonder what Roman Reigns and Dean Ambrose do before they make their entrance ? Well last Tuesday night New ... HTTPURL
neutral	Taroor shed tears for Yakub as Yakubs friends in Pakistan may have settled the Taroor & Tarir issue to save him from some embarrassment .
positive	" @USER He may have played for Milan , but I enjoyed watching Pato . I hope he rediscovers his form & returns to Serie A . "
positive	Thanks again Eastside ! We 're off to party with the fancy Hollywood types at Big Brother . Back at it on Fri . Post the spots tomorrow night .
positive	@USER That 's very kind ... Thank you & Merry Christmas ! May the Light of G-d always shine upon & protect Israel !
positive	@USER He 's going to beat Seth Rollins THIS SUNDAY NIGHT AT WWE SUUUPPPEEERRSLAMMM ! ! !
neutral	Joel campbell is leading this team to milan in may and there is nothing you can do about it
positive	Awesome amounts of support with our special bonus cast with @USER and @USER . Go show them some love . Back Tuesday for Dark Souls
neutral	" Sam Smith confirmed for James Bond theme tune : He recorded the track in January , but only now has British pop ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER stayed until the end . Red Sox won but not without a few heart palpitations in the 9th !
positive	Getting hype about the PGA Championship on Thursday ! As much as I want Tiger to win I 'm throwing my duckets on Dustin Johnson .
positive	@USER Chris & Johnny from Coldplay were just on Chris Evans R2 show to play new single & new album out 4th Dec + on TFI tonight
neutral	Milan vs Empoli preview : Will the Rossoneri bounce back on Saturday night ? - HTTPURL #MilanEmpoli #SerieATIM
positive	" @USER Good luck then ! I 'd love to go to London but I 'm from Spain and it 's a WEDNESDAY ( work ) , so I hope I get tickets to Milan . "
neutral	i 'm in the mood of listening to nirvana today but i have an exam tomorrow who cares
neutral	" Niall e Camila . They are just frinds guys c'mon she is a " " fan " " l mean she is like us so stop it "
positive	" @USER true , but I thought the 5 on 5 play was pretty even though well into the 3rd . You did n't ? That Mighty Thor goal huge . "
negative	You may ask why I 'm listening to The Vamps . Sadly not even I know the answer ...
negative	Dean Ambrose 's new shirt may be the worst shirt in history .
positive	" @USER Shaw , Sterling , Ox and Kane may have a chance of being top class in the near future "
positive	" Motorola appears to have got it right yet again , for the 3rd time , with the Moto G , Gen . 3 HTTPURL "
neutral	" Kris Bryant is having a rough week , and it 's on Tuesday . #Cubs "
negative	It 's August 15th and Frank Ocean still ain't drop his album . We did n't forget you piece of shit where ever you are
positive	" RIP Frank Gifford , the original voice of Monday Night Football with Cosell and Meredith "
positive	Best way to start Monday Night Rollins is with Seth Rollins himself #TheBest
positive	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL Relive the buildup to Brock Lesnar 's clash against Roman Reigns : SmackDown , March 26 , "
positive	" Stats flying around lately , but this is my favourite : Today is the 2nd game where Troy Tulowitzki and David Price play for the Blue Jays . "
neutral	Is anyone going to see Shawn in NYC tomorrow
neutral	Caitlyn Jenner and her son Brody had some kind words to say about one another as The Hills star celebrated his 32nd birthday on Friday .
neutral	Josh Hamilton with his 5th game-winning RBI this season . #Rangers
neutral	" Paul Dunne , 22 , of Ireland , formerly of the UAB golf team & 1st amateur in 88 yrs to be in the lead British Open . HTTPURL "
neutral	" #breaking #news Ohio Gov . John Kasich says of the 1st GOP presidential debate on Thursday : ' I 'd like to be there , ... HTTPURL "
positive	Be sure to watch Miss USA tomorrow night at 8p m ET on the Reelz Channel ! I can not wait to see which beautiful ... HTTPURL
neutral	FRIDAY : Randy Orton vs . Rebel in a Fans Bring the Weapons Match
neutral	" Got a sweet tip for all you fantasy softball players . @USER star player Curtis " " dinger " " Wilkerson is out for tomorrow 's game "
neutral	Jason Aldean being on a Thursday makes me really not want to go
positive	Prince George Has the Cutest Plans to Celebrate His 2nd Birthday HTTPURL #Fashion #Coverage
neutral	John Kasich locked up an influential endorsement Tuesday night in New Hampshire on the heels of a new poll ... HTTPURL
neutral	" I 'm going to gay pride . " " @USER : Ore whats ur excuse for 26 September mbuso_nkabinde " " "
positive	Seth Rollins def . John Cena to become #WWELinear Champion for the 4th time ! Rollins ends Cena 's 16th reign as champ ! HTTPURL
positive	This literally may be one of the best week 's in a long time on a Big Brother season . #BB17
positive	Well it 's great to see a wonderful woman from McAllen get 1st Runner Up in the Miss USA Pageant
negative	" @USER may choose not to worn a skull cap , but he would serve Islam if he engages Sufi leaders to check Wahabism in India @USER "
negative	" Sharknado 3 comes on tonight . Yes , a movie about a shark tornado has made it to a 3rd movie , and yes , I too have lost all faith in humanity . "
neutral	I 'm being told that tonight is Monday Night Raw at the house at 8 p.m. Here 's to hoping John Cena makes an appearance .
positive	Why am I just now hearing J Cole and Kendrick tracks Black Friday ... Both of them are fire
neutral	i 'm not believing anything until i see zayn 's fine ass on the red carpet tomorrow night
neutral	Asia shares gain despite oil worries : Asian shares rose on Tuesday despite another fall in oil prices after Iran said it planned to i ...
negative	White feminism will be all over the newspapers tomorrow saying how Nicki attacked Miley . That 's you call someone out ! ! !
neutral	#AFRICANBAZE : Kris and Caitlyn Jenner Take First Photo at Kylie 's 18th Birthday Bash - - See the Family Pics ! ... HTTPURL
neutral	I 'm pullin a john cena on some random kid in the hall tomorrow
neutral	" I 'm going to buy my PS4 tomorrow . Problem is , I am really confused about buying #Madden16 or not . Should I ? Why ? "
neutral	Hear from the other candidates ... Scott Walker tomorrow morning HTTPURL
neutral	" Scott Walker in interview Sunday " " that building a wall along the northern border with Canada is legitimate issue that merits further review " " "
neutral	Ted Cruz dusted off a joke about Chuck Norris 's pajamas to wish Jim DeMint a happy birthday Wednesday .
neutral	Interesting . But the amount of Muslims that condemn ISIS is much more significant HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Take a bow Paul Dunne an Amateur golfer who is co-leading the @USER after his 3rd round #theopen
neutral	" 3rd time watching twilight movies , still have the same feeling as the first time I watched it . "
positive	Nicki may have called Miley out but Miley 's messages tonight were much more powerful than any performance at the VMAs
positive	Happy birthday yoga with @USER to celebrate my 23rd ! #birthday #yoga
neutral	@USER so April 4th David Price opens for the O 's right ?
neutral	" gamestop has this deal rn where if you buy a ps3 or Xbox 360 , you get 5 free games and I may or may not have picked a Naruto game ... "
negative	I do n't like hypocritical Jews and Christians and hypocritical Muslims too . May you all be thrown in the Blaze of Hell together amen .
positive	@USER i hope you plan on doing a Dark Souls 3 walkthrough when it comes out in march bro ! I literally watch every single DS video
neutral	Gucci host me aplomb april housebreak the distich your human being modish spread unto no slouch nesting : gOkKGAQUZ
neutral	May or may not be obsessed with Ice Cube after watching Straight Outta Compton ...
neutral	" I have a 3 page paper on 20th century film due tomorrow , but here I am , arguing over the merits of the Twilight franchise with a 14 year old "
neutral	" What 's going on Sunday ? ( HEALTH , Thor , Okkervil River , Flamin ' Groovies , H2O , Pill , Frankie Cosmos & more ) HTTPURL "
positive	" Getting ready for church , if anybody in Dallas wants to go lemme know , then BINGO tonight to win another $ 750.00 . Sam Smith concert tomorrow ! "
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER @USER actually Prince George is 2nd on the list of Georges so he 's " " first in line " " . "
neutral	I hope I can catch Sharknado 3 Oh Hell No tomorrow night idc how bad it is
neutral	" Kris Bryant hit the Cubs ' 1st walk-off HR in " " 15 , a 2 - run dinger to beat Roks 9-8 last nite . 8 teams still without a walk-off HR this season "
neutral	" Fly Yoga with Sabah and Piper , Arms and Core , Wednesday 8: 15pm and Thursday 11am . HTTPURL "
positive	" Christians - I have a mission for you : If you have n't see the movie War Room , see it tomorrow . HTTPURL It 's very , very good . "
positive	Awesome SC rejects Rahul Gandhi Citizenship row .. Now swamy will suspect on Modi .. may even say he is Congi agent to pass GST ;)
neutral	" If Rousey 's fighting in Oz , that mean I can be out & about on a ' pretty nice little Saturday ' of errands as white brahs Twitter slobber ? "
neutral	@USER Wish I knew more about Gov . John Kasich . We will find out more tomorrow ... I hope .
neutral	" @USER is the next Obama : special interests in Israel , the F - 35 program , and the dairy industry , still the 2nd best after Jill Stein "
neutral	#Spectre : Sam Smith confirmed to sing the theme song of 24th James Bond film . @USER HTTPURL
neutral	Both Kane and The Undertaker pin Austin . . . Who 's the champion ? The world may never know . . . #Breakdown98
neutral	" For anyone who likes both Scott Walker and Backstreet Boys , here 's a double bill for YOU ! HTTPURL ( And probably ONLY you . ) "
neutral	Are you fed up of this rainy summers day ? Why not take a look at what Prince George wore when the sun was still out ? HTTPURL
negative	really sucks that if I did n't have school tomorrow I would 've been able to see shawn tonight
positive	" I am almost finished with " " Twilight 's Tomorrow " " ! If I break your heart with the ending it means you lived the book . #amwriting #LiveTheBook "
negative	Murray about as dead as the aliens in Independence Day on July 4th in #America . They die in the movie either way but worse on the 4th . #Dead
positive	Tomorrow ( Tues ) at 5:00 pm in GSC were selling tickets to Cedar Point ( $ 30 ) and Ed Sheeran ( $ 20 ) . Pay with Cash / XCash ! HTTPURL
neutral	11 in a row and David Price going tomorrow night ? #LetsGo
neutral	Runners on 2nd and 3rd with one out for David Wright .
positive	" @USER Goodnight , Niall . I hope tht you have a good day tomorrow . Talk to you soon . God bless you . Sweet dreams , my prince . I love u "
negative	it 's July 45 and there is still no news of the new Frank Ocean album
negative	" According to rolling stone , Kurt Cobain is the 12th greatest guitarist of all time ... Somebody actually thinks this and it hurts me . "
neutral	Who 's ready for WWE SummerSlam this Sunday ! ! Watch John Cena - WWE Universe take on Seth Rollins for the WWE ... HTTPURL
positive	Hope you had a great Wednesday . Time for me to watch Big Brother . Yes I 'm addicted - I admit it . Denise #goodnight HTTPURL
neutral	May 8 is the start date in the UK for the new Top Gear television program . No news yet on crew to join Chris Evans HTTPURL
neutral	" Before any of my friends think Im referring to them when I talk about " " Bad Blood " " if u know what happened to me Sunday , u who this is about . "
neutral	White Sox score 3 runs in 10th to move past Mariners 6-3 : Tyler Saladino walked to open the 10th against Danny ... HTTPURL
neutral	" ' WWE Raw ' : Undertaker and Brock Lesnar Brawl for It All : Sunday night at Battleground , the Undertaker cut down ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Murray takes the 3rd set , game on ! "
neutral	It 's like when Zayn said he was just taking a break all over again .. HTTPURL
positive	" I want Kane . WE WANT KANE ! C'mon ! As the Monster Kane , btw #RAW "
neutral	tomorrow will mark a year since i saw shawn live for the first time
neutral	" If you want off the bandwagon , go ahead . David Price starts tomorrow . #BlueJays "
positive	UGHHH . I love Thursday nights because Big Brother is live and I honestly do n't know who will be sent home tonight #BB17
positive	Calibraska is 9th in Italy omg @USER @USER we love you so much babes
negative	I may be late .. But Kanye West just wasted 10 mins of my life ill never get back with the STUPIDEST speech known to man ... wow lol
positive	Yoga with kids ! All welcome fun beginner yoga class Mooroolbark $ 5 tomorrow morning 9:30 am :) HTTPURL
neutral	" The Friday Question : What is Your Calling ? : Islam reached us by the Mercy of Allah , through the service of Muslims . HTTPURL "
neutral	Why do I continue to call Shawn a kid when he is older than me ? The world may never know
positive	Good article on the ins and outs of Josh Hamilton 's contract . #RSM337 HTTPURL
negative	" Rangers LF Josh Hamilton was out again with a sore left knee , and he 'll have an MRI on Friday . #Rangers "
neutral	@USER what time do Gucci foams go on sale on Friday ? Thanks for the help
negative	Sharknado 3 may have overdone it just a little bit . And that 's saying something for a Sharknado movie .
neutral	Lady Cougars soccer up 2-0 vs Milan on goals by @USER and @USER . 30 minutes left in the 1st half
positive	I can't wait to see Ed Sheeran on the 10th ! ! !
negative	" @USER Ok , you may have to create an email that is shorter . The PS4 can not handle that many characters for some reason . ^ SO "
neutral	I hear Kim Kardashian is leaving ' Keeping Up With The Kardashians ' after the 9th series . I wonder if they 're going to kill her off ?
neutral	" Bet money the headline from that acceptance speech tomorrow is just gonna be " " Kanye West high at the VMA 's " " "
positive	" @USER @USER @USER couldnt have said it better , Kendrick is the best , but Cole is Definetely 2nd and deserves more ... "
positive	Worked long and hard tonight ahead of an intense all-day coaching session coming up this Saturday with Rik Johnson and David Wright !
neutral	@USER do you know where Shawn is going to be before Vegas ? His last show date is London but that 's the 15th & Vegas is the 19th
neutral	Interesting how Paul Dunne is going to do tomorrow .
negative	@USER who was the dork asking Paul Dunne what will be your thought in the first tee tomorrow . What a stupid question that was
positive	I may or may not have just screamed because Jack and Jack release Calibraska tomorrow
neutral	" @USER Then again , is not really fair to compare to just Katy Perry . She is the 3rd most awarded artist so it fits to anyone else "
positive	Dad said he can't go to party on the patio tomorrow because he needs to be home so he can watch Sharknado . Cool .
neutral	i hope we get what do you mean for real tomorrow and he wont pull a frank ocean on us
positive	What an effort from Murray in that 2nd set . Got to take the momentum from the last few games into the 3rd . #USOpen
neutral	I have an extra ticket for kenny chesney and Jason aldean Saturday at Metlife if you want to go let me know !
neutral	@USER I know tomorrow 's my last day of work and today I close so I 'm kinda just laying in my bed listening to Janet jackson
neutral	" @USER those photos you 're sharing of Parish with the " " Not Afraid " " are pictures from back in January after the Charlie Hebdo attack "
neutral	Here in the stench beneath the African sun vultures attack a buffalo carcass . I see Geurnica Flanders Fields and Boko Haram . #micropoetry
positive	" Sonia Gandhi khan aur Rahul Gandhi khan . Dono doob ke mar jaao kahin . I mean it . , Whole country will celebrate the day as diwali . "
neutral	@USER Want me to bring Dark Souls in for you on Monday ? ( serious suggestion )
neutral	" When Lil ' Kim made Black Friday she was a villain , but Nicki gets praised for calling out Miley at the VMAs when Miley barely said anything "
neutral	TMZ reports that Seth Rollins caught a ride to a local restaurant in an unmarked cop car Saturday evening when he ... HTTPURL
negative	" @USER he actually made that tweet in January , not about yesterday . But it was just as shitty a comment at that time ( Charlie Hebdo ) "
neutral	" Paul McCartney , that guy from the Rihanna video , plays Toronto for the first time in five years . HTTPURL "
positive	" Good Morning Sunshine ... Foo Fighters , Aurora , Live , Milton Keynes Bowl , from the front , Saturday ... HTTPURL via @USER "
positive	" Vice President Yemi Osinbajo today , Saturday , embracing one of the boys 100 boys orphaned by Boko Haram ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Al-Baghdadi in his latest speech remembered Palestine but forgot Iran , for the record this the 1st time ISIS directly threat Israel "
negative	" Insult the government : Pay a fine . Insult millions of Indigenous Aussies , LGBT , Muslims . That 's a Tuesday for the government #18c #auspol "
neutral	" Curtis trying to figure out that , Oliver may / or maynot be [ TheGreenArrow ] " " Nah . It 's not you ! " " Hahahaha #Arrow "
positive	" Strictly , X Factor , Big Brother - Saturday night TV gonna leave me with square eyes ! "
neutral	Both teams have been on offensive tears since the break . Boston leads MLB with 193 R in the second half . The White Sox are 4th with 180 R .
positive	" 2 ) Asking for a friend who is going to Lolla for Paul McCartney tomorrow . Yes , me . #fingerscrossed "
positive	" Kanye taught everyone to be fearless , SO BE FEARLESS . 2020 I 'll be 20 if Election Day lands on the 4th . My vote ? Kanye West . @USER "
positive	@USER Think Sharknado is on Netflix . While being a veggie today I may look for it . :)
neutral	" Nicki may look Hollywood , but you hear every bit of New York when she opens her mouth . "
negative	Former soldier arrested in Bloody Sunday probe HTTPURL Absolute joke Where is the justice for all victims of IRA atrocities
neutral	Oh man . Seth Rollins is going to be on @USER in Friday and it 's my day off :(
positive	@USER oh . I may have been watching a marathon of who do you think you are on tlc . Was n't paying attention to Twitter . Good for Nicki !
positive	I posted on FB for the first time in years to only post links from the Black Friday songs from J.Cole and Kendrick lmao
positive	@USER @USER You are a Patriot ! Such compassion and commitment ; May God bless and keep you and Israel .
negative	" I 'm taking my death tomorrow , Kpop fans make me mad "
positive	" Back to work tomorrow so off to the cinema to finally watch Ant-Man with Jackson . Heard good things , plus it 's Marvel ... It 's gonna be mega ! "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER the security wall makes Israel safer . 2nd intafada 1000 civilians killed . After wall 80 % drop .
positive	Fact : if you listen to Zac Brown Band on a gloomy day the sun comes out
negative	Saudi Arabia is just Isis with full statehood . And yet they 're our allies . HTTPURL
neutral	Was the guy interviewing Paul Dunne trying to scare him for Monday 's round ? #TheOpen2015 #letsseeyougetincontention #easeup
negative	" #BritishBuddhu if Rahul Gandhi is really a British Citizen , I 'm very concerned about the comedians out there . They may be without jobs "
positive	Sat on the beach blasting out Calibraska #Dope
neutral	" 1st time I 've watched the vmas in years .. What , did Nicki just ... "
negative	" Kanye West for president ? Do n't laugh , he may be the only one with a low info voter fan base who is narcissist enough to succeed The Donald "
positive	SHARKNADO 3 tomorrow ! ? ? ? Best day of my life
neutral	check this out Cyborg says she wants to fight Rousey in April : Cyborg says she wants to fight ... HTTPURL #sports #online
neutral	Supposedly this is Niall and liam doing a tease of the 5th album HTTPURL
neutral	@USER next Thursday is the last day at Dunkin and I 'm trying to celebrate lol
positive	Still in awe that I 'm going to see Sam Smith tomorrow ... Counting down the hours
positive	Pic : This guy will make a nice profit if Paul Dunne wins the golf tomorrow HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	" A : " " Cinema may be the thing I like the most after music . I went to see Carol the other day , con Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara " " "
positive	" @USER Happy Birthday Prince George on your 2nd Birthday , Have a lovely day & enjoy your special day . xx "
neutral	Meek about to have a 2nd wave coming from twitter bc Nicki came harder without a song haha
negative	Just tried to mix Nirvana with bass music and it sounded so bad I may have to retire .
neutral	August 30 : Selena with Taylor Swift & the Bad Blood cast on the red carpet of the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards # 1 HTTPURL
positive	Brock Lesnar OBLITERATED Bo Dallas on Monday . I just rewatched it 3x and it keeps getting funnier .
positive	Kane son Clinton and Lamela as our forward line yea like that going get us top 7 never mind 4th
neutral	" @USER is in town . Deutsche Bank golf tomorrow , Newport RI in the evening and Jays vs . Red Sox Monday & Tuesday . Nice Labor Day weekend . "
neutral	" All 3 of Washington 's TD 's have come at the expense of our Linebackers . 1st Ryans on Reed , 2nd Kendrick 's on Reed and 3rd #25 on Alonzo "
neutral	HT edit dt 3 Sept : Centre must heed Mr Hamid Ansari & plumb the full depths of Muslim exclusion . Ensure Muslims full rights as citizens
neutral	" There was these kids in 5th grade who would print off pictures of Naruto hentai in computer class , then look at it during recess in groups . "
neutral	" Three mornings with @USER starting tomorrow - - talk of face punching , Olympics , NFL , Rousey , and more ! 5-9 am , @USER ! BK "
neutral	" Sorry Internet , I may not be as available as usual today on account of THERE'S A NEW IRON MAIDEN SONG OUT so you 're on your own for a bit . "
positive	" I may listen to the beatles too much , but oh well . Paul McCartney is love , Paul McCartney is life . "
negative	" France 's security has got to be posed some serious questions right now . First Charlie Hebdo , now Friday the 13th . #ParisAttacks "
neutral	Not suprised ! he 'll be at Real Madrid in 2 seasons ! #amavi HTTPURL
positive	@USER I 'll be indy Sunday night of Zac Brown Band concert ! But we need to plan a get together with everyone soon
positive	@USER that was golden what you said to Seth Rollins on Monday Night Raw . Go Cena ! 16X champion coming soon to you .
positive	" Happy birthday gay , see you Monday . IMMA FUCKING JUMP ON YOU OKAY ! Have a good day my love , love you lots @USER "
positive	@USER : Dustin Johnson good 1st day again . Deja vu on him flopping next few days .
negative	" Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges , good get that experiment out of here I 'm sick of looking at it "
positive	I may possibly be in love with Cate Blanchett now .
positive	... EiD ... Mubarak May Allah bless u foreve with all of his B
neutral	Video Throwback Sunday : Prince George & Princess Charlotte after her christening at the Church of St Mary Magdalene HTTPURL
neutral	Sunday Cinema | Paul McCartney & David Gilmour - Paul McCartney continues to stay Out There as the former member o ... HTTPURL
neutral	#nowplaying U2 - Bullet the Blue Sky - New York - July 31 2015 - HTTPURL #U2Radio #U2LiveConcerts
negative	" IRA men slipped into Harland and Wolff shipyard and damaged the " " Goliath " " crane with a 300 lb bomb ; 7 November 1972 HTTPURL "
neutral	" I do n't even be thinking Ice Cube the same dude from Boys N The Hood , Friday , Are we there yet , 21 jump street . Thats not the same person "
neutral	#Rangers Josh Hamilton went 1 - for - 1 while pinch hitting in the 9th . #MLB
neutral	Paul Dunne Looking to become the 1st Irishman to win the silver medal as leading amateur at the Open since a fella called Rory Mcilroy in 07
neutral	Tom Brady was going in the 6th round in #FF and now those picks are about to prosper .
positive	@USER Chuck Norris once stared at the sun for hours ... the sun then blinked .
positive	Going to see Foo Fighters on October 7th in Memphis with my lovely lady .
neutral	" As of right now it 's Drake , Kendrick , and Cole . That 4th spot is still available ... or they might be the Holy Trinity . "
neutral	" Sheamus vs Randy Orton is pretty much a Sunday Night Heat feud at this point . I mean , without the Heat obviously . #WWEBattleground "
positive	myB get able for a crimson debut with their 2nd symbol teaser ! | Oh ! Kpop stars celebrity news ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Lol . Does he seem like a Poch type of player ? Or one that would fit in our wage structure ? Or play 2nd fiddle to Kane ? No .
positive	@USER Hello Niall i love you so much you make me smile make me better may you please kindly follow me i hope you have a fab day 3
negative	I do n't wanna see anything about shawn tomorrow BC I probably wo n't be able to see him but at the same time I do
neutral	If you want to put junk bonds into your IRA you may benefit from working with a financial advisor .. a human one :) HTTPURL
negative	Gisele Bundchen Scared In Her Marriage To Tom Brady ? : Everything may not be going well in the paradise for the ... HTTPURL
neutral	You may be Muslim if You deliberately & disingenuously label criticism of Islam as criticism of Muslims in an attempt to silence the critic
negative	" @USER It 's everyone . Like , eventually ; the sun will burn up even in Marvel land . I guess Thor might get out okay but who cares . "
positive	I 'm about to eat four hot dogs and watch Miss USA . Happy Sunday .
positive	Pre-Oder Available For Calibraska on July 24 ! ! I 'll order it right a way as well should everyone else ! #CalibraskaEP
neutral	Gucci gob superego good hope december make clear the team yours physiological individual now raising upon grad ...
negative	" @USER @USER People may throw Christians in jail & punish bodies , but they can't take away the Lord . HTTPURL "
negative	@USER I 'm disappointed that you did n't lead with the death of Frank Gifford tonite .. He was an institution on Monday Night Football smh
negative	How is J Cole gonna colab with Kendrick and then get made to look like a fool on Black Friday
neutral	" I have 2 tickets for Jason Aldean , Cole Swindell , and Tyler Farr on September 3rd . Text me if you want them "
positive	Seth rollins would have been a great champion if he does all things whatever he says every monday night on #raw in the middle of this ring
positive	We go to the 3rd tied at one thanks to Kris Bryant 's solo homer
neutral	My heart goes out to Frank Gifford and family . May all your memories of Frank bring you comfort . #1MMemories #RIPFrankGifford
positive	Republican frontrunner Donald Trump said Thursday he 's pleased he 'll get to debate with Carly Fiorina at CNN 's ... HTTPURL
negative	" Sorry gang , 2nd Act of Ant-Man just kills my buzz . SO BORING and the writing is REALLY bad . I 'm hoping this stuff was n't in Wright 's script . "
neutral	I do n't care if Camila and Shawn are dating c'mon if they 're both happy just fucking let it be . #VideoVeranoMTV Fifth Harmony
positive	" I 'm going to sob like a child at Foo Fighters tomorrow , I can just feel it "
positive	" Ca n't wait to see Monday Night Raw tonight . The Rock did my man John Cena dirty last night ... Still JOHN CENA " " S fan :) "
positive	Hello metalheads ! Is Monday treating you badly ? Let the music take over ! Iron Maiden ~ Misty ~ #ironmaiden #metalmusic HTTPURL
neutral	KimsFirstLadyToDoList Make Kanye West appreciation day by having Wednesday renamed to Westday
positive	Nice touch by @USER to run the music from Friday Night Lights ( @USER ) during their tribute to Frank Gifford . #RIP
positive	5th grade IRA projects on display during the first night of P / T conferences ! #GreatWork HTTPURL
negative	Someone should have told Thor that sun in is just for hair and not for eyebrows
positive	#Brewers News Braun makes history with fourth 20/20 season - Ryan Braun became the 31st player in Major League his ... HTTPURL
neutral	" On the one hand , George Osborne & Theresa May . On the other , Scott Walker & Donald Trump . Clowns to the left of me , jokers to my right ... "
negative	Why is it that people talk more about Caitlyn Jenner 's sex change and less about how she killed a person and may face manslaughter charges ?
neutral	" George Osborne : It 's adorable that you , media person , think this gov't would do anything to help Greece . HTTPURL "
negative	Rahul Gandhi and soniya have a mon mon policy for the big problems to escap HTTPURL Fresh khaiye juban pe lagam lagaiye
neutral	" End-time #Bible prophecy ? : Saudi Arabia announces " " military alliance . " " This may fulfill " " King of the South " " prophecy soon . Daniel 11:40 . "
neutral	Rematch John Cena Vs Seth Rollin title for title Part 2 Tomorrow on raw @USER Book it
neutral	Fun fact you may not have heard amid recent consternation over Israel 's NGO bill : it has n't even reached parliament HTTPURL
negative	" @USER yeah the mosny 's dece , may do a Tony Blair and do politics as well but without bombing Iraq illegally shit . You like science ? "
neutral	@USER Use Ade in Europa and Cups and let his contract run down . Best way to do it . Save Kane for league and get Berahino as 2nd ST
neutral	" Rihanna Endorses Kanye West for President : On Sunday night , Kanye West concluded a captivating speech at the V ... HTTPURL "
positive	" #Gawker #News Nigerian Army Frees 101 Children , 77 Adults From Boko Haram : On Sunday , the Nig ... HTTPURL #UniteBlue #Tcot "
positive	Never been more proud of my non gaming girlfriend than when she beat the Asylum Demon on Dark Souls on her 2nd attempt !
negative	Missing Foo Fighters concert on the 12th at the gorge though so that 's a major bummer
negative	" George Osborne is @USER Faslane tomorrow . get ur arses down there . 57/59 of scotlands MPs oppose trident , yet 100bn is gonna b spent renewing it "
negative	" Kurian Joseph , who raised stupid doubts about modi 's good friday meet , now questions about yakub 's death penalty.Some ppl never learn "
negative	this nigga the next frank ocean . shit aint never cominn out HTTPURL
positive	Sunday night can't come soon enough I 'm excited already I hope our new players understand the importance of the milan derby @USER #FCIM
neutral	nicki sat on a throne made of men . swift sang with nicki ( cause it was nicki 's show shut up ) . nicki dragged miley . nicki won .
neutral	" Today in Beatles History ( June 18 , 1942 ): Ivan Vaughan , the man responsible for introducing Paul McCartney to John Lennon , is born . "
neutral	I wonder if they 'll cut out Nicki calling Miley out when they air it again tomorrow
positive	If you like listening to Chris Evans on your way to work - tune in tomorrow to hear Ben Hooper who is on the ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER JEB or John Kasich May get it ... I need an easy bit for Hillary
neutral	DTN USA : Sunday on MTP : Scott Walker : THE TRUMP EFFECTDonald Trump has exceeded the expectations of several po ... HTTPURL
positive	" the Monday Morning Podcast is up ! ! I ramble about buying a new head , jungle gyms and Frank Gifford . HTTPURL "
positive	Jason Aldean was the best concet of the summer for the 3rd straight year
positive	Tonight Monday night was fucking great a lot of supper stars came and so did sting and he beat the hell out of Seth Rollins that 's we do
neutral	" Follow our live RAW play by play , or Randy Orton will RKO you outta nowhere HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER If India is they , who are you then ? Ys WE hanged Yakub . @USER @USER @USER HTTPURL "
positive	hel o kids on Thursday please be ready to hear the John cena theme every time I enter a room
neutral	" White Sox cut the #Mariners lead to 5-2 in the 6th and that 's it for Kuma . Final line : 5.2 IP , 7 H , 2 R , 4 BB & 6 K . HTTPURL "
neutral	" While at it , please help end discrimination against Muslims the right to kill non-Muslims in America . HTTPURL "
positive	My excitement to see Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean tomorrow is through the roof
positive	" Listening to Kendrick Lamar 's Black Friday and hearing a reference about 10,000 hours ! @USER "
positive	" All kinds of fun things happening for the launch of Go Set a Watchman tomorrow - come along for American-style sweets , treats + prizes #GSOW "
neutral	@USER hey are you trying to meet Shawn tomorrow ?
positive	" On the 14th anniversary of Aaliyah 's passing , Janet Jackson shared a personal message HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	" Came 6 hours before the Ed Sheeran concert began , i waited in the hot sun and almost passed out with barely any water.But it was so worth it "
neutral	" I 'm already going to see Paper Towns tomorrow , so someone take me on a date to see Southpaw some other time . "
negative	" @USER they 've been clearing Palestine for 40 years & dumping wogs in Australia , for Israel 's benefit.Fuck Israel , may it go under "
positive	" YUM ! National Ice Cream Day is Sunday , July 19th . Enjoy a treat from Dairy Queen in the food court or at Nieve de ... HTTPURL "
positive	Maybe because of this he may compliment Kendrick if they both did a collab album & might fight to hold his own might be good
positive	" MGSV pre-purchased on Ps4 , for those of you also getting ti on Ps4 . Looking forward to MGO in October . Purchased GZ as well for FRI / MON "
positive	" I 'm happy to see them both take a stand . Sometimes the " " Oh C'mon ! " " cry from other Christians is what 's needed to ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER What were Mason 's 2 good chances ? Kane 's 2nd ( was that the one creeated by Chadli , where he had 4 bodies to shoot through ) ? "
positive	Asad Umar & Zubair Umar on 11th hour with Waseem Badami for a candid Eid interview . Interesting !
positive	" Is this the 1st time Kpop has been nominated in the TCAs ? Even if we do n't win , is n't that still an achievement we should be proud of ! "
negative	Villagers reported 15 persons killed on Tuesday night as Boko Haram fighters returns to the village HTTPURL
positive	" Chuck Norris & cloth diapers - a Thursday afternoon can't get better than that ! ( Oh wait , maybe it could if some ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Dark Souls 1 had a similar gap , so I do n't think so . It may be something Sony wanted to do on their end with BB . "
positive	it may be 2:30 am & i may be eating christmas cookies .. but im still jamming to justin bieber 's new album . problem ?
neutral	Missed @USER on #bbcqt last night blaming Tony Blair for July 7 attacks ? Watch it again here : HTTPURL
neutral	@USER I have a class at 8am tomorrow Niall you should follow me
neutral	Trump said June 30th that he 'd be at Miss USA pageant in Baton Rouge . Organizers say he 's not coming . No word yet from his camp on his plans
positive	" Gay night tomorrow , the best night everrrrrrr "
positive	" Sunday night or Monday morning I leave for Virginia , I 'm stoked . Also going to watch Paper Towns with my sister tonight , wish me luck "
neutral	" hey @USER , I 'm sure you know and may have already spoken about it , but Rousey accepted the marine 's invite ! ! "
positive	" Foo Fighters concert tomorrow . So in preparation , I 'm in the gym working on those all important body parts . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Alright the Dark Souls stream is happening right now , 1st playthrough , tons of salt / anger HTTPURL "
neutral	" CNN amends debate criteria , Carly Fiorina may get in - CNN has modified its standards for who qualifies for the su ... HTTPURL "
positive	I was ballyhooing Kris Bryant from the day he was drafted . Went to Reno last August just to watch him . Hit his 19th HR for the @USER today .
neutral	" Same is done by Pakistan Army in #Awaran #Balochistan since the 1st Day of Eid , what 's the difference btw them two ? HTTPURL "
negative	@USER @USER if you 're not an IRA sympathiser you may as well piss off and join the Tories . Irrelevance here we come !
positive	Obagoal cheers Eagles to victory : Former Super Eagles striker Obafemi Martins is of the opinion that Sunday ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER i put Kendrick 's in 2nd . i think it belongs to cole . it was a better batch of art .
positive	" Last saturday I went to see Paper Towns , and this thursday I 'm going to see it again with my friends haha really good job Nat ! @USER "
positive	" @USER Btw , I 'm excited a new Naruto movie is supposed to arrive in the US in October ! And have you watched the AOT live action movie ? "
neutral	" Rickrolls , rumours and riddles : the hype behind Frank Ocean 's new album | Music | The Guardian HTTPURL "
neutral	A twilight ceremony will be held tomorrow to remember the victims of the Martin Place Siege HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	Huge project due Friday and all I can make myself worry about is whether I 'll get 5 stars in this fashion show on Kim Kardashian Hollywood
neutral	Is Dustin Johnson the best 1st round player of all time ? @USER
positive	Army cuts off Boko Haram 's food supply : The Nigerian Army said Thursday it has succeeded in cutting off the su ... HTTPURL
neutral	Rangers OF Josh Hamilton has been placed on 15 - day DL with injured left knee ; team is 1.5 GB of 2nd AL Wild Card
neutral	" The Undertaker must DEFEAT @USER this Sunday ! Brock Lesnar has nothing to prove , but The Undertaker on the other hand .. DOES ! ! #wwe "
neutral	I will wait for the weigh in . Rousey changed her body too much and may have too many things on her plate . I 'll know my bet after weigh in
neutral	" I 've read the book several times , so watching " " To Kill A Mockingbird " " as a refresher before " " To Set a Watchman " " novel is released on Tuesday "
neutral	This is Anti Climax .. Yakub may get reprieve because of legal wrangles .. Is it match fixing ? HTTPURL
positive	" #Unbreakable tracklist revealed : Janet Jackson , Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis are back in a record store near you Oct 2nd ! HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER Must think you 're frank ocean , delaying the release till tomorrow . "
positive	" MTV has hid the results of voting , we have 24 hours more to TWEET FOR GAGA ' ' #MTVStars Lady Gaga ' ' c'mon Monsters ! "
positive	Tonight come out for our WXTU promo ! 7-8 : 30 you can win ( 2 ) tickets to see Jason Aldean on August 15th 2015 ! ... HTTPURL
negative	may i just state the irony of Caitlyn Jenner being charged with manslaughter charges ?
neutral	WWE are distancing themselves from Hulk Hogan like a guy who 's Instagram crush just posted a picture of her boyfriend on a Monday .
positive	Massive reception for Paul Dunne on the packed 18th . Such a mature and composed head on such young shoulders . Great round of 66 . #bbcgolf
negative	" @USER perception is 9/10 th of reality . Because we perceive Meek as " " not good enough " " for Nicki . His support looks like he is star struck "
negative	" What makes me sad is how tomorrow morning , the media is gonna portray Nicki as the stereotypical " " angry black woman " " & make Miley the victim "
neutral	" Donald Trump did n't show up for the Miss USA competition : On Sunday , Olivia Jordan of Oklahoma was crowned Mi ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Come and see Bee Gees Fever at Theatre on the Steps , Bridgnorth this Friday and Saturday . Tickets nearly gone ... do n't miss out ! ! "
neutral	Bryce Harper has reached base twice in the series . David Wright reached base twice in the 7th inning tonight .
neutral	A new album of unreleased Kurt Cobain solo music drops in November ! Any Nirvana fans in the house ? HTTPURL
neutral	" A day may come when anybody who is a little sensitive starts filing PILs , SC in ML Sharma 's PIL on Rahul Gandhi citizenship . @USER "
positive	all memes aside . I can't wait to see john cena in the title for title match this Sunday ( today ) at summer slam
negative	TRUMP & Scott WALKER are right . We should amend the 14th Amendment of the US Constitution 2 allow deportation of IDIOTS-Like Trump & Walker
positive	Watch her stock go up Sept 17th . How Carly Fiorina earned a spot on the big stage at the GOP debate HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Seth Rollins should put his title on the line every Monday . That what 's best for business !
positive	SEPTEMBER 5 so it means 8 days to go before Niall 's birthday huhu and 9 days to go before Cj 's Birthday i miss this girl so much huhu
neutral	" Iran " " .. has begun to pull back its forces and may be reducing its overall military involvement as the peace process " " HTTPURL "
neutral	Did you know that ' John Kasich ' was Trending Topic on Tuesday 21 for 6 hours in Chicago ? HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	Someday I 'm going to compose a book of the comments we receive on our Monday morning Browns posts . It 'd still be better prose than Twilight .
neutral	@USER how do you envision the Super Eagles with Sunday as manager
neutral	Adam LaRoche was a late scratch from the White Sox lineup on Monday due to right patella tendinitis .
neutral	" @USER eid falls on the 23 , 24 , 25th of Sept ( wed thur , fri ) and then 9th / 10th Muharram is a thur , fri in October . And then some . "
neutral	Israel Interest Rate The Bank of Israel kept the benchmark interest rate on hold at 0.1 percent at its December 28th 2015 meeting
neutral	" I would say the same thing Paul Dunne said about nerves on first tee tomorrow " " just make contact with the ball " " "
negative	" @USER do n't make us fool Rahul Gandhi , , may be it 's great joke from Rahul "
negative	I 'm pretty sure U2 invented the 3rd world so they had someone who actually looked them .
positive	I had a dream that Brock Lesnar won the 3rd annual #WMT because he F5d everyone . I woke up hoping it was n't a dream .
neutral	Throwback Thursday to when I did a powerpoint in journalism on Zayn and presented it to the class
negative	Did u hear about NY man convicted Friday of plot to kill Muslims ? Media ignores threats vs Muslims My @USER HTTPURL ?
neutral	" Louis might not be the father " " Briana 's sex tape leaked " " " " Made in the a.m comes out Friday " " #ohnobriana HTTPURL "
positive	If anyone wants 4 Zac Brown Band tickets for Comerica Park this Saturday we have 4 on the field for $ 100 each .
negative	In a bad mood . So lemme hit you with a #spoiler twofer Tuesday : 1 ) Han dies 2 ) Thor is Peter Quill 's father Have fun at the movies !
positive	Eid 3rd day ... Good after none HTTPURL
neutral	" Kendrick has become a lot more covert with his " " wokeness " " that most " " woke " " listeners may have felt comfortable with in his pre-TPAB music ... "
neutral	If I celebrate it wrong will Thor beat me with his hammer ? HTTPURL
neutral	Seth Rollins to start the show for the 2nd straight week ! #Raw
neutral	" It 's been a hell of a week , Chuck Norris released a video that claims Obama 's 2nd term will bring about armageddon . "
negative	" Kendrick Lamar - alright does n't even compete with future - March madness , so let 's not even go there "
neutral	Gucci gob id security june mean the duplex thy signalizing on melding in transit to handy man lively : CrOEvHYXp
neutral	@USER big ups SL ! ! ! Copped the 10.5 Gucci 's missed out Friday ! ! !
positive	" If I see anyone I know tomorrow at school , I 'm just gonna run up to them and yell " " JOHN CENA " " "
neutral	Anybody wanna go to a Sam smith concert with me Friday . ?
positive	Kendrick 's flow in the last minute of Black Friday is too damn good
neutral	@USER I only go once a week or so ... That may be because I work at home and going to Dunkin means leaving my house
positive	" The day I buy my 1st car , the 1st song I 'll play on it will be Kanye West - Ca n't Tell Me Nothing "
negative	#parisshootings AFP report Place Republique where the moving Charlie Hebdo march took place is completely deserted
positive	Thank you to Brenda May Callander jp Peter tanya ( I think ) briana zack Austin Andrew and I 'm thinking grandma ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Imagine thinking Hulk Hogan is rting all these tweets , the people who run his account who are doing it , hes prob at a kkk march or something "
neutral	" scott walker has just become the Pawlenty , should abandon run for White House after iowa polls put donald trump in 1st "
neutral	Wait really though does anyone want to go to Dallas on Saturday to see Ed Sheeran ?
positive	" Alright , give me Seth Rollins , and give me the Dudle 8y Boyz . C'mon , let 's see them . #SmackDown "
negative	@USER Chris Evans should lose his voice more often if it means we get more listenable breakfast shows like this Monday and Tuesday 's .
negative	Once upon a time I smashed my face into my keyboard and accidentally wrote the 5th Twilight book .
neutral	Soo apparently I 've been dared by @USER to not talk about the boys or Zayn for a whole day tomorrow I can't even rt them or anyth
negative	If you think Kanye West would be a good president you probably scored below a 1000 on your SAT
neutral	The Lazarus Effect will be tweeted tomorrow . It 's Sharknado 's night tonight
neutral	Rangers : OF Josh Hamilton back in lineup Friday vs . Rays after missing 2 games with sore left knee ( ESPN ) HTTPURL
neutral	* gets email about Paul McCartney playing at Joe Louis in October * * texts mom about us going to the Paul McCartney concert *
neutral	" Now that the world has accepted Ice Cube son , be on the look out for a Friday Prequel "
positive	" Congratulations to Curtis--shooting on the range on Black Friday entered him to win the SD9VE , Smith & Wesson ! ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER only map I did bad was against rift but I went 26-20 next map so it 's Gucci and I dropped 37 and 45 on the sunday
negative	@USER But then the 2nd half of Dark Souls shits the bed and Dark Souls 2 just does n't care .
positive	" Busy day in Milan tomorrow , four meetings . Hopefully no fog ... "
positive	" I may pay for the WWE Network , that 's how happy I am about John Cena getting owned by the Daily Show guy . "
positive	Hey happy Friday ! ! ! Today T & P will be giving away a pair of tickets to the Zac Brown Band 's August 7th show at ... HTTPURL
neutral	Mihajlovic : It feels like Milan lost : The Rossoneri won on Saturday but the coach felt ... HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" The new @USER comes out tomorrow , folks . How is Scott Walker polling in his home state ? Enquiring minds want to know . "
neutral	#Arsenal & #MCFC are linked with a January move for Real Madrid 's Isco HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	David wright the 1 constant in the 3rd lit the fire of mets and 6 dingers later where up 11-7 Lets go Mets
negative	" @USER No issues if he is saving an innocent of any religion , but Yakub killed hundreds of innocent , tomo Bhushan may back ISIS too ! "
negative	Truth never hide it fight 4 its right all mughal were cruel and islam is threat 2 human kind HTTPURL
negative	Caitlyn Jenner Sued for Manslaughter : Caitlyn Jenner was the cause of a 4 vehicle car crash on February 7th . R ... HTTPURL
neutral	its the 63rd of july and we are still waiting for frank ocean 's new album
neutral	" Check out the replay of @USER from Tues as we talk Rousey , CFB Playoff predictions , and our NFL team previews right now & all day ! "
neutral	Paul Dunne may be the solo leader very soon ...
neutral	" #LGBTNews I am Cait : Sharing My Story with Caitlyn Jenner - Last night on I Am Cait , you may have noticed a few HR ... HTTPURL "
neutral	YO MGS 5 looks SICK as hell DOOD ! PS4 is on the way and should be here this Friday BUT I wo n't have Destiny until next Thursday the 10th =/
neutral	@USER are you aware of this Kyary / David Bowie thing ? HTTPURL
positive	" I may not always agree with Kanye West , but that 's a guy who , if he wants something , he 's going to do all that he can to get it . "
negative	Yakub has gone . whatever happened may be right . I want asked Kiran bedi . that whatever Yakub done.it was wrong but after Babri masjid - -
positive	Wishing I could see shawn open for Taylor and see Taylor on the 9th . HTTPURL
positive	" @USER just hoping , tomorrow in Indonesia , GAY people will be accepted #amen "
neutral	Finding it hard to believe this season is Bale 's 3rd season as Real Madrid player .
negative	Carly Fiorina is 3rd in Iowa with 10 % of the vote behind Trump and Carson 23 % yet @USER is not going to allow her to debate . #WarOnWomen
positive	As Friday shines in the heart of Muslims may you be among the ones who will receive the peace and blessings of ! ! ! ... Friday Prayers . Ameen .
neutral	" @USER I have got to win " " what figure Wednesday " " I know that it is dean Ambrose and my Instagram is dez_is_here 12 please ! ! ! "
neutral	I can grantee you that Niall and Camila are not dating . I mean you do n't just ask a girl out randomly at a concert when you sat her once .
neutral	How do you think david wright who may never get another chance at the playoffs feels about his # 1 turning it off
neutral	" A new era for the #Nigeria national team starts today ; Sunday Oliseh 's first game in charge of the Super Eagles , v Tanzania . #AFCON2017 "
neutral	Government keeps Theresa May 's ' murky ' deal with Saudi Arabia a secret | Politics | News | Daily Express HTTPURL
neutral	Goin to the Ed Sheeran concert Thursday and I have n't really listened to him lol #whatislife
positive	" FACT : Lady Gaga was the highest voted female on with over 120,202 , 201 votes ! 2nd overall behind 1D ! HTTPURL "
positive	" August 2nd will forever be my favourite day because I met Shawn then I met Jonah , grant , Lexi , garrett , and Howard okay I 'm sad now bye "
neutral	5 home-based for Tanzania : Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh has revealed he will pick five players from the do ... HTTPURL
negative	" @USER @USER " " oh Milan just texted me . OHHH aw no she can't come ova Monday ! " " Literally a direct quote "
neutral	Heaven knows I 'm not on here to self promote - I 'm here for the conversation - but my new show with ICE CUBE is up HTTPURL
neutral	" Tomorrow is the LAST DAY to win Ed Sheeran concert tickets , so come to Center Court on Saturday from 11:30- 1:30 ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" I start school tomorrow and I 'm here watching Kanye rant , Miley and Nicki go at it and Tori Kelly blow the roof out of the #VMAs "
neutral	" Attn : that " " not afraid " " group shot in Paris is NOT from tonight ... that 's from after Charlie Hebdo in January ... sigh , social media . "
neutral	Imma dog jus like Gucci said marry to the money Imma newly wed
negative	@USER lol right like bitch did we see stories about Ice Cube being in a classic movie Friday nshit NO it 's not a EE documentary
positive	Today is not only Thursday ... But it 's National Hot Dog Day !
negative	My mood is ruin thanks to naruto . Have to wait for next Thursday for the next episode
neutral	" 50 % done with Every Other Monday , by John Kasich : Has to respect the " " spiritual firewall " " ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Was going to wait and start " " Go Set a Watchman " " on the plane tomorrow , but I do n't think I can wait that long . "
neutral	" @USER ( 3/3 ) Since IRA is calling , it may be for something different . ^ RP "
positive	Paul Dunne might get Ireland out of this economic crisis if he wins tomorrow ! #TheOpen2015
neutral	I saw Paul Dunne on the range on Monday . Convinced myself he was Jordan Spieth ...
negative	Ha ! @USER almost made it through the 1st hour w / o making a stupid comment about Muslims or kissing Chomsky 's ass - Almost ! | #TYTLive
positive	And the wonder years and state champs are touring together and I get to see my first Rousey fight in Dec ? I keep getting good news today
neutral	@USER you must have heard thor 's comments on the 1st pitch he 's not afraid that much we know
neutral	" Surely everyone has heard of the " " Paul Dunne vs rules official " " on the 18th green in Statesborough story . #worldwar3 "
neutral	" @USER Stanely is Ice Cube 's neighbor in the movie Friday . He is the guy who says , " " Will you please stay off my frigging grass , Please " " "
neutral	#Rumors Kendrick Lamar and YG took a backseat Saturday to bring a little Christmas cheer to the ... HTTPURL @USER
positive	Ice Cube . the film the 46 year old L . A . native wed to Kimberly Woodruff-takes Us back .
positive	@USER @USER @USER love that camera close up of Thor . Ca n't wait for the first pitch tomorrow night
neutral	Katy Perry had a song with these lyrics but it was about a white girl . Smfh . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER may no longer need to switch to the PS4 after gaming on the Wii U now ...
neutral	John cena is going to beat Seth Rollins at summer slam on 23 of August on Sunday
neutral	" Ballroom dancing till 5 at school tomorrow , then Kpop on Saturday till 5 , rehearsals at lunch times for mission day , & grope dance at recess "
neutral	Saturday Deep Stack will be back at the Prince George from tomorrow .
neutral	" @USER It 's gonna be hard enjoying Christmas knowing you 're facing Rousey on 2nd January . Yeah , good luck with that one :D "
neutral	" Yoga For Runners Sept 19 . Improve strength , flexibility & focus to make it to the finish line . HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	Walker : I 'm ready for world stage : Scott Walker will offer his foreign policy vision in a speech Friday mostly by contrasting it with ...
positive	Jason Aldean with this beauty on Sunday ! ! #summernights #sundayfunday #soldout #cincinnati HTTPURL
positive	" @USER Hey Tony saw you in the pit at Foo Fighters on Saturday , but did n't have the chance to say hi ! Did you have a good evening ? "
neutral	Friday night Briana was riding some guy giving him a lap dance at the lounge we were at and I was either crying to Fetty Wap or sleeping
neutral	Spot freaking on from @USER : Angels fans booed the wrong person Friday when they targeted Josh Hamilton . HTTPURL
neutral	" if anyone is selling an FYF Fest single day ticket for Saturday August 22 , please let me know . i only care for Frank Ocean 's performance . "
positive	Kpop ignites the capital with its 2nd biggest concert in India : Kumkum Chourasia New Delhi : Delhizens witness ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Today was the issue of Assam templr . Love to see wht issue Rahul Gandhi discovers tomorrow . All these r facades , main is Herald case "
neutral	Kevin Durant with the grey shirt and black hat cheering David Price getting out of a Jam in the 4th ! @USER HTTPURL
positive	He also opened for Jason Aldean in April . And he put on a good show too ! <3 Tyler Farr <3 <3 <3 Kristi HTTPURL
neutral	HTTPURL ICYMI : Christopher Carter and I break down how the #Steelers defense should attack Tom Brady on Thursday night .
positive	You know you 're having a good time when you play Nirvana full blast in the office after hours and dance like there 's no tomorrow . #mflpogo
neutral	Ellen 's 13th season premiere with Caitlyn Jenner . #ellen #caitlynjenner #theellenshow @USER @USER
neutral	ROUSEY reminded me it was Tuesday . Stick that tongue out ! #tongueouttuesday #MakingofK9Rousey #throwawaydogs HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER - She began to feel a little offended by what he was saying . - " " Loki ... Like I would report back to Thor . He may be my father + "
negative	" Nirvana 's wild overrated but " " Smells Like Teen Spirit " " is way up there on the GOAT list . I 'd have sat thru a whole shitty show to hear it "
neutral	" When you claim to see the sun light , but it turns out to be a flashlight . Just bc Zayn left does n't mean they 'll break up . #OhNoTheSun "
neutral	Two Zac Brown Band tickets for sale . Next Sunday the 13th . $ 70 takes the pair ! Need em gone !
neutral	The Red Sox can play spoiler down the stretch HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Kris Bryant first pitch home run swing in the bottom of the 8th . #ChicagoCubs clutch hit
positive	@USER Thor is ready for the game tomorrow . HTTPURL
neutral	threatening to send the IRA is like the Irish kid 's equivalent of telling people not to come to school tomorrow
positive	Ant-Man tomorrow hopefully and I kind of want to give Fantastic Four a shot also .
positive	" I purchase Kendrick , Cole , August , Lito , Drake etc . they give you records that mean something , that relate to life "
negative	@USER actually now they 're all denying they ever believed the sun when it came to Zayn ... not even they can keep up with their BS
negative	@USER Bloody Sunday had nothing 2 do with the IRA do n't think Bono are going to be welcome in the North of Ireland anymore
positive	" Zayn , i just wanna see you winning grammy on this very first debute album . C'mon , just introduce a new genre of music called Zop or Zquadom . "
neutral	Hulk Hogan and the Wrestling Boot Band Hulk Rules 1995 Cassette Sealed Unopened : $ 9.47 End Date : Friday ... HTTPURL #vinyl
neutral	#Iran #Terrorism Iran expects oil to fall below $ 30 : Iran said on Saturday that it expects o ... HTTPURL #Islam #Tcot #UHF
negative	I thought Big Brother came on for the longest today and I just realized it 's Monday and the foolery comes on tonight .
neutral	@USER @USER it sets a dangerous example ... not all may be as lucky as Yakub to have an old letter to rescue .
positive	What 's better than beers with @USER ? Cold beers on a Friday night at Zac Brown Band #Bros #SummerOfCountry
positive	" @USER & what if by g eazy , and black Friday by Kendrick , and dark time the weeknd "
neutral	@USER may be worth you investigating what happened to the wwe wrestler recently as part of this programme ! Seth Rollins is the guy ...
neutral	" I have 3 pavilion seats for the Jason Aldean concert this Friday , if anyone is interested please dm me "
positive	Okay may I cry my eyes out at the bridge in I Dont Even Know Your Name ( Shawn ) bc that one is so awesome
neutral	" If you have n't heard the story yet , captain David Wright greeted the Mets in the hotel lobby in Philly on Sunday ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Zip Lash may be old , but Twitch is playing Dark Souls managed to defeat the second boss . "
positive	Anyone else smile fondly when Ed Sheeran sings about being kissed under a lamppost on 6th street ? No ? Just me ?
neutral	Who 's going to be at Zac Brown Band next Sunday ?
positive	Ryan Braun stays hot ! He doubles off the wall in right-center with one out in the 7th . #Brewers
neutral	U can't in human experience rush into light . U 've t go through twilight into broadeningDay before noon comes & full sun is upon the landscape
negative	Sam smith is such a bad choice for the Bond song for Spectre like c'mon
neutral	" Galliani : " " Witsel ? I know he would like to come to Milan , the market closes on Monday , we 'll see . " " "
neutral	" Shawn : " " You 'll never be alone When you miss me close your eyes I may be far but never gone " " Me : @USER HTTPURL "
positive	" White Sox vs Red Sox tomorrow , Cubs vs Reds on the 1st , n Bears vs Packers on the 13th . What a good going away present ! "
positive	This is the year that all the earth may know that there is a God in Israel !
negative	rap mon and suga sampling swimming pools by kendrick is by far the weirdest shit i have seen
negative	@USER went to get vip for February 11th show and you 're sold out my heart is broken I can't meet you with my big brother
neutral	#JanzourNews Hold the applause for Saudi Arabia - Toronto Sun : Toronto SunHold the applause for Saudi A ... HTTPURL #World
negative	When I see niall 's bitch ass tomorrow I am going to cry
neutral	Come join us this coming Sunday and help us support Living Yoga during Woodstock Gives Back ! It 's going to be ... HTTPURL
negative	They are absolutely blind to Zayn 's good nature . Use lame excuses to hate on him bc they just bitter still . HTTPURL
neutral	Sat listening to the new Iron Maiden album with a coffee . Waiting to go to the venue for today 's #hogroast .
positive	Apparently Simply Kpop comes on my TV . And i watched it Sat . & saw Got 7 ' s latest song & it was rly cute !
neutral	I 'm just wondering what will happen with Seth Rollins and John Cena at Monday Night Raw
neutral	" when thy plans get cancelled , go to the coffee shop and listen to frank ocean - the 11th commandment or something ... "
positive	" Tomorrow , July 19 , is National Ice Cream Day ! Here are some of the specials you 'll find around the country : My ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER happy 2nd birthday prince George such a cutie pie you are X
neutral	" Based on the 3rd tee shot , my hope of Dustin Johnson winning has gone . Pulls and hooks are always an issue with his wrist position ? "
neutral	@USER @USER Leon 's first street fight is this Friday night . He 's fighting Hulk Hogan the first round .
positive	Congratulations to Miss USA 1st runner up @USER . You 've made #McAllen and the #RGV very proud ! #MissUSA
neutral	Leaving Bangkok tomorrow morning . Next stop the middle of the Empty Quarter desert near Saudi Arabia . HTTPURL
positive	" Block party is on got the kids dancing its a good Friday yo .. as Ice Cube wud say " " today was was a good day " " ... "
neutral	" Where to buy minimalist , vintage , and Kim Kardashian pins on the internet : HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	May the lord bless the family of Frank Gifford .
positive	Catching up on WWE for the week thanks to the Saturday night reruns . Seth Rollins is underappreciated .
negative	" @USER I dunno . Kentucky 's legislature never approved Gay Marriage , 10th Amendment leaves it to the States . How 's that hard ? "
neutral	" The Broadsheet : September 2nd : Good morning , Broadsheet readers ! Carly Fiorina moves toward the GOP debate mai ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Us Magazine Kanye West Has the Best Time at 2015 VMAs , Dances to The Weeknd 's " " Ca n't Feel ... HTTPURL #news #May #Omg #NFB "
negative	John Kasich is such a weener . He 's got about as much chance of winning as I do kissing the Pope 's ass in Sept . #politics #presidentialrace
neutral	I 'm gonna try Dunkin donuts tomorrow for the first time what should I get ? @USER @USER
neutral	@USER Hello do you have a dm with Zayn ? I am looking for it since forever ... may help me ?
neutral	ICYMI : Last Monday in the city with Paul Heyman . This Monday he returns to WWE Raw with Brock Lesnar ! HTTPURL
positive	Watch our stunning display of lights at Twilight #Christmas . Book now for the 11th : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" RIP the Rousey circus . Dana white ; a " " once ever athlete " " after 12 wins ... liverpool won 12 in a row in 13/14 and finished 2nd ! "
neutral	But it 's not just about overall nmbrs . Murray & Mathews will put #Eagles in a lot of 3rd and manageable situations . And finish at goal line
neutral	James Harrison exploring whether he can recoup fine money from years past in wake of Tom Brady decision : HTTPURL
neutral	" Even the new Moto G has a 5 " " screen , which is already bigger than I prefer . I may end up there , though . HTTPURL "
positive	Watching Dustin Johnson on Saturday and Sunday is amazing . The guy just can't do it . Ever
positive	July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day ! Hot dogs will be . 99 cents all day ! Come enjoy a great hot dog ! #NationalHotDogDay HTTPURL
negative	" ' IS ' blows up ' major Palmyra temple ' HTTPURL ( via HTTPURL ) Islam may be peace , it 's not culture . "
neutral	" Everyone : " " Eid is Friday " " Everyone : " " Eid is Saturday " " People from California : " " Eid is 3 hours after whatever you guys decide on " " "
neutral	Scott walker would tell you Wisconsin 's 7 may or may not be less than Alabama 's 14 ; he 'll have to get back to you on that answer #politics
positive	Cate Blanchett May Star in Marvel 's ' Thor : Ragnarok ' : The award-winning actress is reportedly in the middle o ... HTTPURL
neutral	Watching Sharknado is the only call with #Sharknado3 coming tomorrow
positive	Not really a Kendrick Lamar fan but he snaps in that Black Friday freestyle
neutral	@USER @USER how do you get Ice T and Ice Cube confused ... 1 is from Friday the other is from New Jack city
neutral	If LCD Soundsystem & David Bowie are both at #Coachella you might as well bury me at the polo grounds when the sun comes up Monday morning
neutral	Murray steal the 3rd set to stay alive #USOpen
positive	" Sunday Kombat ch 35 ! Best thing about Sunday 's Shawn , looking forward to reading it . HTTPURL "
neutral	Murray or Allen starts the 2nd half ? #TAMU
positive	@USER Agree Ron ... John Kasich will get the chat after its all said and Done ! Carly Ferino will get the chat frm the 1st debate
negative	" Gay marriage was passed illegally . Is untrue . Now the 14th amendment is stretched THIN . Thin , you hear me ? ! ? But the law is n't illegal "
neutral	" @USER Dustin Johnson played it like the 4th round anyway , though "
neutral	" MexTraxx - US Tennis Open Results , Missing Money , Kanye West Vma Speech , ... : US Tennis Open Results Missing Mon ... - We track for you "
neutral	@USER Not able to find out Moto G 3rd Gen 16 GB over Website ? Is it out of Stock or what ? Hope to hear back soon .
negative	" Kendrick 's " " u " " and The Social Experiment 's " " Sunday Candy " " are two songs that make my allergies act up when I hear them . "
neutral	" Well , Dustin Johnson is n't really in contention but that wo n't stop him from royally screwing things up on the Sunday of a major . "
neutral	@USER So it will be available on the 8th on PS4 in the UK ?
neutral	" When Devon was in 9th grade , him and brother went to see Twilight thinking it was a vampire fight movie "
positive	Let 's be positive about Super Eagles game tomorrow .
neutral	Here is your Tuesday class line up : Gentle Yoga with Elle at 9:30 am Little Trees Yoga with Kathleen at 5:00 pm ... HTTPURL
positive	Hats off to Dupreme Court who sat till early morning n did not allow attempt to postpone the hanging of Yakub .
neutral	Yea Sasuke tho ever since Naruto became hokage & stopped going on missions has become the strongest ninja alive leaving Naruto in 2nd place
positive	@USER Frank Gifford was Monday night football . Got into it watching from Australia in the early 90 ' s #RIPFrankGifford
positive	" I 'm a hit it up , beat it up , latch on to it until tomorrow #MTVStars Lady Gaga "
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER @USER Chadli as a back up / 3rd striker is not the worst thing to have . To replace Kane , no "
neutral	@USER for the 20th anniversary edition of PS4 you should have added 2 original controller ports with PSX backwards compatibility
neutral	High point . Ice Cube 's son was the mvp of this movie . Whoever played Eazy should get 6th man of the year . Whoever casted Snoop shoot them .
positive	" Kendrick Lamar made history as the 2nd most Grammy-nominated artist in a single year , Trailing just behind Michael Jackson #ToPimpAbutterfly "
neutral	" After all , no Republican has ever won the presidency without Ohio , says Ohio Gov . John Kasich , who got the coveted 10th spot on stage "
neutral	" Brain cells , good ass intro , Israel , the list continues HTTPURL "
neutral	I heard the Frank ocean album was supposed to be released tomorrow so I 'm staying up these 7 minutes to have my hopes crushed
neutral	OFFICIAL : Real Madrid and Atletico will face each other in the Spanish Supercup on August 19 and August 22 .
positive	This Street Fighter V beta on PS4 tomorrow . I 'm ready to give someone the hands . Preferably a few of my peeps part of the NAX crew .
positive	calibraska is going number one tomorrow or I 'm suing . jack and jack deserve it so much .
neutral	Duchess of Cambridge reveals Prince George thinks he is three : Prince George may have just turned two but his ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Jesus . I CREATED ? I said Kane may not reach the same heights . You then sent me 3 tweets asking my views on Martial in an attempt
neutral	Dustin Johnson ( PGA ) 1st player in modern era to shoot 66 or better in opening round of the 3 majors in a single season .
neutral	Saudi Arabia to reign in religious police powers : Saudi Arabia may reign in the powers afforded to the kingdom ... HTTPURL
neutral	Who is going to the Jason Aldean & Kenny Chesney concert tomorrow ?
neutral	" Watch the new trailer for David Bowie 's " " Blackstar " " , which premieres next Thursday HTTPURL "
positive	I may be forever confused by how the world works in it but I do so love the fights in the Naruto series .
neutral	Ryan Braun swipes second base ( sealing his fourth 20/20 season ) to set up a go-ahead double for Khris Davis . It 's 2-1 #Brewers in the 5th .
positive	@USER Curtis is going down as the 2nd best Mets FA signing ( Beltran # 1 )
neutral	get used to it / justin bieber HTTPURL
neutral	Find out why Curtis was awarded the 7th Annual @USER #HamboneAward : HTTPURL
positive	@USER Thank you Israel ! We love you & God loves you . May He bless you & keep you !
neutral	There are people who only watched Ant-Man for the Upstate NY cameo and the 2nd credit scene . Civil War is going to be pretty big .
positive	@USER I hope he 's ready for Brock Lesnar on Sunday .
neutral	U2 - Sunday Bloody Sunday : HTTPURL This is not a rebel song and it 's not against on sunday ... it 's all about anyday .
neutral	There is a place called Shiraz in Iran . The lack of wine may make Santa sad when he reached it in 57 seconds .
neutral	LAZY ( torture ? ) SUNDAY ! Starting with some Afterbirth and moving on to Dark Souls II later . Come say hi :D HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci trousers jiva untimidness november actualize the dualistic yours any gangway boost for for long life : B ...
positive	" We , Little Monsters , well , we got it ! #MTVStars Lady Gaga | Selena Gomez HTTPURL "
positive	" Next Friday , we 're screening the Ice Cube classic FRIDAY . Tix just $ 3 HTTPURL #damnnnnnn "
negative	@USER Tom Brady to step down Tuesday morning from New England . States pressure is just too much . Resigns to his family . Updates Tuesday .
neutral	Quality start for Dustin Johnson with an 8 . He apparently is not a fan of Sunday golf . #PGAChampionship
neutral	3 unforced errors for Andy Murray against 17 forAnderson yet Murray chucks away the 1st set with a careless double fault in the tie break .
neutral	" Is Caitlyn Jenner finally ready to put on a bathing suit ? ! In this Sunday 's I Am Cait , the 65 - year-old faces her fears about wearing a "
positive	It 's Saturday night & @USER is playing Dark Souls ! He has a face only you could love HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	" @USER May I also say that before you attack me for being a ' fake fan ' of some sorts Nirvana , Green Day and MCR - "
positive	Currently celebrating the 20th anniversary of Clueless and National Ice Cream Day . Be still my heart !
positive	" George Harrison ( 25 February 1943 - 29 November 2001 ) . We miss you . We love you . Krishna bless you , my love . :( HTTPURL "
neutral	" man I 'm about to see Janet Jackson in October , it ain't much anybody can tell me "
positive	[ EVENT ] See you on Saturday at KPOP FUN RUN ! ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Just informed by legal that when I talk wrestling on @USER tomorrow , I CAN'T have the John Cena theme play every time I say something . "
neutral	Ohio Gov . John Kasich sat down with ABC News ' George Stephanopoulos and weighed in on a potential matchup with Democratic presidential
positive	My 3rd New Years resolution is I 'm not gonna cry over Justin Bieber .. He 'll come to me one day
negative	Kendrick always new content u do n't know what to expect ... Cole talk the same Shiit from 1st project on every one HTTPURL
positive	@USER JOHN STEWART VS JOHN CENA tomorrow night on raw ! I demand it !
negative	I 'm literally nervous for what Kanye may say tonight ... he more of a loose cannon than Nicki
neutral	David Price finishes his start with 7 IP and 0 R . This is his 2nd career start against the Yankees without allowing a run ( 9/13 / 2010 w / TB )
positive	I just want it to be tomorrow .. but till then ALL THE RAMEN AND NARUTO ! #believeit
positive	" lots of studying to do tomorrow so goodnight I love all you kiddos & my sunshines hayley atwell , chris evans & seb stan x "
positive	Get the scoop : July 19 is National Ice Cream Day | WATE 6 On Your Side - HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER CAITLYN Jenner may have saved / helped mils of trans people around the globe.why can't you just be happy for her ?
neutral	Dam tor and laa play Friday . David price is on the mound . Gotta get back to Yuma thou ! shhiitttyyy
negative	@USER should have opened up preloads on PS4 days ago so people could have actually finished downloading it by tomorrow . #slowassPSN
negative	@USER it 's July 64th and I still do n't care about frank ocean
neutral	" The Weeknd dropping a mixtape right before he drops his new album on the 28th , yet it 's been 3 years since we got some new Frank Ocean . "
neutral	Hate to say it but Paul Dunne may not even be leading amateur . Oliver Schneiderjens in the clubhouse on - 9 for the tournament ... #TheOpen
positive	Would be amazing to see Paul Dunne go out and win the famous Claret Jug tomorrow ! ! !
neutral	" @USER @USER WE are n't too far apart , Nicki . In fact , we may be at the same point . I do n't remember if I stopped at 11 or 12 . "
neutral	Real Madrid captain Sergio Ramos speaks to the press about the botched transfer of David de Gea f HTTPURL
neutral	" There will be no poker at the Prince George until further notice . We will be looking for Friday , Saturday and Sunday venues . "
negative	@USER may he forgot Israel is n't Syria or Afganistan . .. we will see if he beat or he will be beaten hard
neutral	" when the workers at Dunkin say " " see you tomorrow " " @USER @USER "
positive	Ice Cube 's son O'Shea Jackson Jr may very well be the Denzel Washington of our generation . Dude is a beast
neutral	" Thats the way to live , Else Hindus may ask for #meatban during Navratri and other festivals , Muslims for liquor ban HTTPURL "
neutral	" Bet when Nicki sat down next to meek she said " " now thats how you handle a beef nigga " " #VMAs #NickiMinaj "
neutral	Gucci baggy skin below the eyes psyche nerve december hypertrophy the bipartite thine semantic entryway fannin ...
positive	" WHOA . Dana White just said that if Ronda Rousey wins tomorrow , Cyborg is next . Superfight may be just a few months away "
neutral	Seth Rollins is going to be at the house show in Beaumont . So i think he may win . I really doubt the WWE WHC will be at a house show #RAW
neutral	Canada responded on Monday to GOP presidential contender Scott Walker 's controversial comments about building a ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER may the right path guide you my fellow sister , and help u maintain nirvana . "
positive	" Finally going to see ANT-MAN tonight , then off to see ROGUE NATION either tomorrow or Sunday . Looking forward to both . "
positive	July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day ! Come Celebrate With Us ! Blake Brock will be on the deck at 6pm ! HTTPURL
positive	" I want so many people to see Shawn on Saturday and I 'm legit sad , I really want them to see him "
neutral	@USER He 's gonna pin Seth Rollins because you know John Cena must be protected . Sheamus walks out with both titles this Sunday .
positive	Sharknado 3 may be the best film I 've seen yet . #Sharknado3 #America
neutral	@USER sat here and rewatched Nicki 's opening and that is all for tonight
neutral	Did you know that ' Nicki ' was Trending Topic on Tuesday 1 for 4 hours in Las Vegas ? HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	" not gonna lie , rewatching nicki 's performance for about the 4th time right now "
positive	" Yes , I bought the 10th anniversary edition of Twilight where she rewrote the book with the genders of all of the characters flipped ... "
neutral	" This Thursday , the Steelers defense will beat the air out of Tom Brady ! ;) HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER for sure my ninja hit me up Wednesday if you 're not doing anything I 'm gonna have to stop smoking in October but Im Gucci til then
neutral	" Lucas Duda said he will get a second opinion in California on Monday with doctor Robert Watkins , who treated David Wright 's stenosis . "
positive	Who 's reppin ' #KXCountry at the Zac Brown Band show tonight ? 1st of 2 @USER Let me know where you 're at so we can party !
neutral	I have a feeling Shawn 's going to hit 4 million followers on Twitter tomorrow ...
positive	" who remembers that time they played Nirvana at the 8th grade dance and a " " mosh pit " " happened because I have the video still LOLOL . "
positive	Happy Saturday ! Today we 're listening to @USER ' s cover of Sam Smith ! Listen to it with us ! HTTPURL
positive	Sun 12/06 : Thor the Elf hanging out on our TV this morning . #ThortheElf2015 HTTPURL
positive	" Tom Brady is the quarterback of all time , no conversation whatsoever . Go debate your blind 5th cousin . "
positive	Ice cube can produce some good movies . We just need another Friday
negative	I do n't want Rousey to be Captain Marvel ! She may be strong enough but she 's not pretty enough .
positive	" #TDIM " " George Fest : A Night to Celebrate the Music of George Harrison " " Coming to CD on February 26 HTTPURL cc @USER "
positive	Had a blast @USER the Red Sox game last Fri ! Share your pics on our FB page ! HTTPURL
positive	Carly Fiorina enjoys hearing what you have to say and then bushes up for hrs on history to make herself look good HTTPURL
negative	Dr . going to see lot of people of stomach pain due to yakub 's hanging tomorrow @USER @USER @USER @USER
neutral	" Interesting , different ending to #SummerSlam - I guess it 'll be Undertaker v Brock Lesnar # 5 at #Wrestlemania 32 next April "
neutral	@USER and March is a funny month considering that will be the year anniversary since Zayn left
neutral	Paul McCartney 's daughter ( Stella ) and Ringo Starr 's son ( Zak ) share the same birthday : September 13th .
positive	@USER I 'll do the same in november :) budapest & milan Enjoy a lot
positive	@USER would n't it be great if there was someone to bring us Dunkin tomorrow ( cough ) @USER
positive	Man Crush Monday ( For my lady tweeps as they asked for it ! ) - Chris Evans @USER HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Did you see where Paul Dunne hit his tee shot on the 2nd in his final round ? #beyondyarnterritory
neutral	#YakubMemon the gvt shld not b partial on criminal .. and also my deep condolence to yakub 's family if he hangd 2mrw .. may allah wit u ..
neutral	" Brock Lesnar vs . Undertaker : A Brief History of WWE 's SummerSlam Main Event : This Sunday , the two biggest attr ... HTTPURL "
positive	Carly Fiorina : We Should Not Repeal the 14th Amendment HTTPURL via @USER Very impressed with this interview ! !
neutral	" I want to get my stack copy of rolling stone signed on Sunday , will I be allowed ? "
positive	" Caitlyn Jenner may have become a woman later in life , but she is more woman than those who bash her on social media ... "
neutral	Lady Gaga on the set of ' American Horror Story : Hotel ' recording the 7th episode ' Flicker ' HTTPURL
positive	" @USER Eminem , Snoop Dogg , Biggie , Tyler the Creator , Dr Dre . If I could have a 6th I would add Ice Cube "
negative	" @USER It was a shame all the big oil cos . went to Iran in August with a UK minister , as the article says #vanityproject @USER "
neutral	" @USER @USER I know it 's from Charlie Hebdo , i know that they wo n't march now , it 's a sentiment , that 's all . "
neutral	" Cruz to kill Iran nuclear deal , move embassy to Jerusalem on 1st day as president HTTPURL @USER @USER @USER "
negative	I 'm emotional calibraska is tomorrow and I can't get it ughhhh h8 life
negative	On Remembrance Sunday my primary thought is of this very day in 1987 - when the IRA tried 2 murder members of my family for daring to remember
neutral	@USER see you tomorrow Caitlyn Jenner
positive	50 years ago tomorrow . Really ? ? ? Why the Beatles ' Shea Stadium Show Was Even Greater Than You Knew | Rolling Stone HTTPURL
neutral	Who do You think they have guds to stand against the Wyatt Family monster and as @USER and Dean Ambrose 3rd Member ? Please Comment
neutral	@USER hangover city on a Sunday morning - we might not even make it back to the hotel to sleep if we end up in GAY :) )
negative	an example of my shitty luck is that I was in magic kingdom on monday and chris evans is there tonight like wtf universe help me out
neutral	@USER @USER Have you guys seen UK reboot of ' TFi Friday'starring new Top Gear host Chris Evans ? Keen to know your thoughts ? ? ?
neutral	The Deadman makes no apologies about what he 's done to Brock Lesnar ... or what he 's about to do at #SummerSlam . HTTPURL
neutral	" I 'm just sat in my room listening to Big Brother downstairs . Not doing anything really , just listening to the telly . What is life . "
neutral	Fair is fair ! CNN needs to let Carly Fiorina be on the main stage at the September 16 debate ! Several of us got ... HTTPURL
positive	" When persecution scattered early Christians , they " " went about preaching the word . " " May we do likewise ! ( see Acts 8: 4 ) #reclaimthemorning "
neutral	@USER paul dunne is leading by one shot and he is an amateur . Will he pick claret jug tomorrow ?
neutral	Jerm & Curtis record a scene from the women 's march for Zuma for City Press . HTTPURL
positive	" In the Name of God , I pray for peace to all Muslims , Jews , Christians , world peoples . May all Praise and Glory be to God , forever ! "
neutral	@USER i dont understand this HATE thing cos in the 1st place KPOP is different from 1D tbh way different lol
negative	" I was finally warming up to a 3rd fight with Tate , and then the UFC goes and throws a Holm-run ball to Rousey . I do n't get it ... "
positive	@USER throwback when I saw Niall last Sunday ! ! ! Great way to end the summer
neutral	its been 9 months since Louis first hung out with briana in April so is there gonna be a baby soon ?
neutral	" Still have two tickets to Summers End for Sunday with Kanye West , Chance the Rapper , etc . if anybody wants to buy them . "
positive	From the Mouth of God My Heart Speaks 19 July 2015 Words for Today Feelings and Watchman ! ! ! Thank you God for ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Our Candlelight Yoga class is tomorrow at 5:45 PM . If you can't make it , click the link for more upcoming classes ! HTTPURL "
positive	everyone wore their nirvana shirts yesterday n last week friday im wearing mine 2day keepin it goin ! ! !
neutral	Do n't forget to stop in tomorrow night for a chance to win 2 tickets to the Jason Aldean concert August 23rd . For ... HTTPURL
neutral	the fairest graces spring in hearts that ever sing may Jesus Christ be praised Christians under value the ministry of song in the heart
neutral	@USER How you feel about these new Kendrick Lamar and J . Cole Black Friday tracks ?
neutral	" In this April 30 , 2012 file photo , Kim Kardashian from the show " " Keeping Up With The Kardashians " " attends an E ! HTTPURL "
negative	@USER I pray that one day you die in hell . Along side capitalist pigs like Kim Kardashian & Justin Bieber . May Stalin smite you .
positive	" Happy birthday to writer Stephenie Meyer ( December 24 , 1973 ) , author of the Twilight series . "
neutral	" Islamic State issues 11 rules that Christians must obey September 8 , 2015 Zee News begins this story with this ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Only dance I 'm surprised did n't make the 10th #SYTYCD anniversary show was " " The Garden . " " I bet Mark 's " " KPop " " one replaced it . Still got Mark ! "
negative	" We all have friends like Frank Ocean that put stuff off and say " " I got you tomorrow " " or " " Give me more time " " when you know they dont have it "
positive	FYF Fest : Kanye West saves the day after Frank Ocean cancels : Kanye West was just a few songs into his headlining set at Saturday 's o ...
positive	Yoga can help your child concentrate at school . Research shows that the deep breathing exercises may improve children 's focus .
negative	" It 's too bad the Red Sox did n't play this well in April , May , June , and July "
positive	So excited for Thursday I just got @USER tickets to the Jason Aldean concert for her bdayyyy !
neutral	They Still Have Slaves - My 1st & only Thought - When a So-Called Prince from Saudi Arabia - Says ANYTHING about Donald Trump -
neutral	Yoga club 's first session is tomorrow from 4-4 : 50 in the media center . Do n't forget to bring your mat !
positive	@USER Happy Birthday Pope Francis ! May the almighty God bless you always and keep you strong for all Christians !
positive	" Donald Trump says he has nothing but nice things to say about Kanye West , but adds he may " " have to run against him in a few years . " " "
positive	Can I just go back to June 19th and relive seeing Paul McCartney
positive	he may not be an idol but he is the reason why I 'm into kpop
negative	" That minister may influence how you see Christians , but please do n't let his blog be the place you learn about Christianity . :( "
neutral	Please reveal John Cena to have been on Ashley Madison . We may get Nikki dropping the title !
positive	" I just sat here explaining to meme how hungry I was and then she looked at me and drove past Dunkin , smiling . "
positive	This is like the day before my Ed Sheeran concert dude no wait a few days HTTPURL
neutral	Stefan Sabol with his 3rd hit and 3rd RBI knocks in David Wright to give St.Lucie a 5-2 lead .
neutral	" It will be Imagine Dragons to Chicago the Musical to Beethovens 7th to Blink 182 , to The Weeknd , to Ed Sheeran , to the Wonder Years "
neutral	" Manchester United say it is Real Madrid 's fault , not theirs , that David de Gea 's return to Spain collapsed on Monday . @USER "
neutral	Kathy is selling 2 tickets to the Zac Brown Band concert tomorrow . Message me if you want ' em .
neutral	" @USER Yep , Kolarov and Wilson are two I want in for sure . May even get shot of Eriksen as Kane is n't scoring . "
positive	And I feel life for the very first time Love in my arms and the sun in my eyes #MTVStars Lady Gaga
positive	" Celebrate National Hot Dog Day : Thursday is National Hot Dog Day , with some businesses offering deals in Hampt ... HTTPURL "
negative	" #KimDavis if u gave as much thought to your own marriage as u do to gay marriage , you would n't be on your 4th marriage now . "
positive	Kanye West September 25th ... Disclosure September 29th ... guess I aint going to Vegas for Life Is Beautiful .
negative	I just think that sports are stupid & anyone who likes them is a lesser person & has a small intellect - Amy Schumer HTTPURL
neutral	Thoughts on the Seth Rollins vs Orton Title match & them really peaking at Wrestlemania ... HTTPURL #RAW
positive	Alhamdulillah Maryam got engaged and Inshallah after Eid will be her marriage . :) may Allah bless my sister with happiness and much more .
negative	" James : Big Brother , if she ( Meg ) leaves tomorrow , I 'm not going to have anyone to aggravate . #BB17 HTTPURL "
positive	@USER @USER Please some classic @USER Big Brother tantrums for the Bamboleo gap ! Please make my Wednesday !
positive	" I do n't know why but the song , Staring At The Sun by Jason Aldean makes me feel better "
neutral	" I started watching a Vine with a black and orange cat , so my cat sat on my face . Thanks , Twilight . "
neutral	@USER They will replay the hell out of Sharknado 3 . It 'll be on all the time . We can always do it late tonight or probably Thurs .
neutral	" @USER Hmmm , , I still wait for the news of Fairy Tail vol 34 , , and for Naruto vol 70 , it will release on September 2 .. :/ "
negative	" Watching some crap called " " Big Brother " " . Okay . I may have been out of the loop for some time now but , ... WTF ! ! "
neutral	karimozena : Presidential Hopeful Kanye West Is Performing at the HollywoodBowl on September 25 HTTPURL
positive	" @USER 3 . Have the discography of Katy Perry . I may suck at every other song , but I shall never lose at Teenage Dream . "
negative	the thing is we do n't know if that really is briana and plus the article was posted by a French site that 's the equivalent of the sun
neutral	Y'all may make fun of Are We There Yet ? but Ice Cube made that movie for his younger fans AKA me mofucka #CubeHive
neutral	" Big Brother fans #BB17 Thursday 's show will be preempt due to Football , not everywhere , if you can watch it live , I can and I 'll show you "
positive	Today is Thor 's day ( Thursday ) So in honor of Thor 's day let 's get hammered ! ! ! But first let 's start with a ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Smells Like Teen Spirit - nirvana , black old sun - soundgarden , call me dog - temple of the dog ... "
negative	@USER r you drunk ? how is yakub innocent ? 1st time dissapointed by you
positive	@USER So pumped that you worked your way back up Miesha & I know you 'll get the W in the 3rd fight with Rousey ! HTTPURL
neutral	My first semester as a college student is about to end and all my savings will disappear tomorrow all because of The Vamps nice
neutral	Tanzania 0 #Nigeria 0 at half-time . Proof that Sunday Oliseh 's new team will need time . Tough game so far for the Super Eagles . #afcon2017
neutral	@USER Galliani is in the past and he lacks the reality of the modern day Milan . Players do n't wake up thinking of Milan 1st choice .
neutral	I 'm gonna go buy a canvas tomorrow n paint Nicki dragging MILEY thru the mud
neutral	Also will be helping host the GameOver Basketball HS Showcase Sat Jan 23rd . No Coaches Book . Just come . Featured Game SShore vs Curtis
neutral	Wish Curtis could miss a day of work tomorrow . But he can't miss anymore days . I just need him to step in so I can sleep
neutral	Remember when Scott Walker said he would n't attack his fellow Republicans ? Good times . HTTPURL
neutral	" Ole ' girl at Dunkin just said " " see you tomorrow . " " "
neutral	Its important we build relationships with non-Christians and with Christians outside of Sunday morning worship . #Normal
neutral	The Most Awkward Holiday Musical Moments in Television History : From Lady Gaga singing with the Muppets to Mar ... HTTPURL
positive	I want to go to Zac Brown Band next Sunday ...
positive	" Go see Paper Towns movie on July 24th , and play for Liverpool if you can . "
neutral	Who do you think is going to win the game on Saturday night ? The Cubs or the Foo Fighters ?
positive	I can't make my mind up if I wanna drive to Charlotte on the 18th to see Janet Jackson or not . The venue is outside
neutral	I had my eyes closed already to go to sleep . but I always check a notif to see if it 's Zayn and well HTTPURL
neutral	I have to rewrite an essay for tomorrow and I have no motivation to do it and I 'm just sitting with my head on my arm with David Bowie on
positive	" Up before the sun today , ready for the week of festivities ahead in Prince George . #wedding #bestfriend "
neutral	@USER Tulo and Hawkins just flew to Toronto on the ball Kris Bryant hit in the 9th .
neutral	@USER then RAHUL Gandhi may be one of the mastermind behind #26 / 11 ..
negative	Tanzania 0-0 Nigeria Chad 1-5 Egypt Sunday Oliseh 's first game in charge of the Super Eagles disappointedly ... HTTPURL
positive	Very proud of Katy Perry in the breeders crown today ... 4th from an awkward draw .. Great drive Amanda .. First Aussie past the post ..
negative	With school starting tomorrow I 'm gonna be missing out on so much with Zayn this makes me so sad
neutral	#News : Ready for Kanye ? Group files paperwork : Kanye West announced Sunday that he 's running ... HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	who would wanna go see Zac Brown Band with me at Wrigley on September 11th ... ?
neutral	Mega Shark vs Kolossus in preparation for the release of Sharknado 3 tomorrow ! #birthdaymonth #syfy
neutral	Are you ready to go back to school ? Our next Beer U is August 18 at 7PM . $ 25 feat Sam Smith beer ! For resos email jenny.price@mcnellies.com .
neutral	" @USER from what I think you 're asking , in no order . Future , Drake , Thug , Cole , Kendrick and Tiller a close 6th "
negative	" Monday : I know that since the activities of Boko Haram are all against humanity , God will soon expose them . Their end is near . "
neutral	Janet Jackson Pens Letter To Aaliyah on 14th Anniversary of Her Death The note reads : What I shared with you ... HTTPURL
neutral	For the ones tomorrow sunday in Milan ( Italy ): Aperitif and evening at Fiat Open Lounge : HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	Ca n't wait to see Foo Fighters next Sunday & with Royal Bloods supporting will be insane
neutral	@USER you would n't go near Curtis 's at the moment would you . I can't imagine Irish Cav will still be fav by the off tomorrow
neutral	My heart is sad old #16 has past Frank Gifford graced Yankees Stadium as well as the broadcast booth for Monday night football RIP #C3Sports
positive	Now sat in Milan . Italian efficiency at it best . Who even knows where I 'll be sent next on my quest for ... HTTPURL
positive	Glad to see John CENA is healthy . That was a nasty bump he took Friday night
neutral	" Sunday Oliseh , Jay Jay Okocha : Super Eagles coach refutes rift with Okocha ... HTTPURL HTTPURL "
negative	Murray blew it ! Just could n't handle Anderson 's first serve in the 4th set .
positive	" @USER " " would absolutely " " Now you are coming on MAY 14th . I love you #MTVStars The Vamps HTTPURL "
neutral	We 're watching Sharknado 3 a month late . They might as well set the 4th one in Iceland & continue to try and pass off scenes filmed in Cali
neutral	" Some say he knocked Briana while with Eleanor but ? ? ? She 's due in February , do you think she 'll be pregnant for 11 months or what ? "
positive	Royal Blood have announced they 're gonna be playing with Foo Fighters next Saturday ! #FooFighters #MiltonKeynes
neutral	@USER it 's all about the money I think Kochs will start dating John Kasich over Scott Walker and John may be Scotty boy out
positive	" HTTPURL is friday , turn up and get what you deserve of life ! Friday - Ice Cube / / Friday OST "
negative	It 's selfish for Vanessa to be competing in Big Brother she is worth millions Taking an opportunity away from some 1 who may need it #bb17
neutral	@USER Kanye West is your friend ? You like him ? That may be the one comment that ruins you
neutral	It appeared to be business as usual in the Red Sox dugout Sunday - - except for the fact pitcher He ... - via @USER App HTTPURL
neutral	Brock Lesnar has been announced for the October 3rd #WWE live event in New York City . @USER @USER HTTPURL
neutral	#Rangers Tweets : Rangers trail 3-0 entering the 2nd . Due up : Adrian Beltre Josh Hamilton @USER #MLB HTTPURL
negative	If I wake up tomorrow and Seth Rollins is still the champ I will be so pissed off
neutral	" @USER UFC 195 jan 2nd . aldo vs mcgregor , rousey vs tate . AT LEAST $ 13M gate alone . just dip into that money to bring you pal over "
negative	I do n't know about you but I 'd fuck Caitlyn Jenner till Sunday and back
neutral	@USER @USER may b there is some confusion about Muslims in ur mind set
neutral	can someone going to the houston airport tomorrow get me a shawn video lmao :( ( (:
neutral	" ' This book ya writing , ah dun behlive in deities . ' Eh ? Okay . But tomorrow you will open eye & enjoy Thor . Sango is watching you . #WIP "
negative	Every time I read about George Osborne I picture this evil king from the Elm Enchanted Forest HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	When you realize that Blackbear 's and Ed Sheeran 's concerts are both on the same day ... and they 're on a Wednesday
neutral	I think Bo 's afraid Scott Walker might cut into Bo 's pension plan to pay for more luxury boxes for the Bucks . HTTPURL
neutral	I am looking for to the release of Go Set a Watchman tomorrow by Harper Lee . I am NOT happy with all the spoilers telling me about it .
neutral	" . @USER You better call Milan tomorrow to tell them that you are accepting to sign Matri , for your own sake . "
neutral	" we have still one schedule left , around 20-25 days work left with SRK . We finish that in Nov & then Raees is ready for next Eid - Ritesh "
neutral	" Who want to join me ? : Sam Smith at Gila River Arena on Wed . Sep 30 , 7:30 PM HTTPURL "
negative	This is a trending topic : Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charge You can not make this stuff up .
neutral	" Our latest show : Prince George 's 2nd Birthday , Danish Royal Family , & Our 5c worth on the Republic debate #np ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER hope you and dean Ambrose beat the hell of bray Wyatt at summerslam and see you on smackdown tomorrow on Syfy
negative	Zayn deleted his Instagram and the last time he tweeted was the 18th of August this is hell HTTPURL
neutral	@USER How fragile is it ? I 'm still on Moto G 1st gen and this has lasted all holocausts . Looking at Mi now .
neutral	@USER I 'm not going to own something that 's not true . Some Muslims may be criminals but that does n't mean Islam is evil .
neutral	" Wife wants to have a Sharknado 3 party tomorrow , but we do n't have Syfy anymore . Found a way for her to watch it though ... we 'll see ... "
neutral	One more David Wright Stat : David Wright has the 14th most plate appearances all time to not have a sacrifice bunt .
negative	" Even after taking into account the audience they 're going for , Paper Towns just may be the worst well reviewed movie I 've ever seen #hottake "
negative	Muslims in Nepal we will live & fight with each other do n't want a 3rd party interference ...
neutral	Dustin Johnson has n't recovered since Saturday at the Open Championship . Absolute head case right now
positive	Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Welcome 2nd Child : A Boy : We think you 'll be pleased to know that the new arriva ... HTTPURL
neutral	Isaia Sue Johnson as of 1:30 am August 10th has been declared the next Caitlyn Jenner .
neutral	" Wearing a Red Sox hat in a White Sox town , whilst they are playing the Red Sox . This may be how I die . "
positive	" @USER I was at the game tonight , the amount of Blue Jays fans there was incredible . By the 10th it was 50/50 with Red Sox fans . "
positive	" Dustin Johnson was in the final group Sunday , shot 75 , and today he and Jim Furyk are paired 12 games before the final group @USER . "
neutral	Johnny Lennon is going to ask Paul McCartney and McCartney 's right love to be based in Jerusalem for the July 15th Apple time event .
neutral	@USER Concern 's having 5th guy who can play CB ; Kane 's natural Safety but he played some CB in camp unless others like Tyree will 2/2
positive	" @USER Dunkin is the more sensible option . While it may not always be a party in your mouth , it certainly is a cheaper thrill lol "
neutral	" watch David Wright return and be David Wright ... " " THERE'S A CHANCE HE MAY NEVER BE THE SAME PLAYER " " ... no way ! ... Also , a chance he is . "
neutral	Imma get the full Star Wars saga bundle on PS4 today for the lil guys birthday this Friday .
negative	" @USER Absolutely , though must say I 'm not confident of Milan 's chances tomorrow night given the way they 've played of late ... "
neutral	" AXELMANIA STILL RUNNING WILD ? As we all know , WWE terminated Hulk Hogan 's contract on July 24th after he made ... HTTPURL "
negative	Muslims will assist Muslims into high positions in the UK ... I think we may be fucked guys ...
positive	" Elvis 's . 455 ( 15-33 ) career batting average versus David Price ranks 2nd best among 43 pitchers against which he has had 20 + PA ( C . C . , . 481 ) "
positive	A bit of Iron Maiden on the way to work is guaranteed to make an early start easier ! Very excited for #BookOfSouls on Friday ! :)
neutral	" Manny Pacquiao 's fight with Floyd Mayweather may have been a dud , but his next opponent is shaping up to be an ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER You missed a beast of a show on Saturday night with Foo Fighters .
negative	@USER happened a few minutes ago .. I believe the bus route was 49 ... If he went into other Kane 's he may have hit firefighters
positive	" My kids look forward to the Sharknado movies , because they are awesomely horrible ... and we need April ! #AprilLives "
positive	" On Sunday , when it 's HOT & also National Ice Cream Day , we 'll have homemade ice cream ! Try an ice cream sandwich , ... HTTPURL "
positive	This Friday OUTHOUSE is playing at Still Partners in Sea Cliff ! Hop on the Expressway to Nirvana ! HTTPURL
neutral	Life is so difficult ; especially when you need to decide to spend money on dorm stuff or if you want to buy chick-fil-a and dunkin tomorrow
neutral	@USER we got Milan last Wednesday ... she 's rotten lol HTTPURL
positive	" Happy 2nd Birthday Prince George , may your day be filled with fun and puppies ! #HappyBirthdayPrinceGeorge HTTPURL "
negative	My mom is trying to make me cry by saying the Ed Sheeran concert next Thursday is going to rain out .
neutral	" Paul Dunne ( A ) #OpenChampionship was asked what will go through your mind when you tee off on Monday " " Make contact with the ball " " "
negative	Also disturbing is that HICK MORON CLERK has no idea FEDERAL LAW SUPERSEDES STATE LAW ! What about GAY couple 1st Admnt rights ? @USER
neutral	In Irish cinemas August 21st : We 've got some teen romantic drama arriving in the form of Paper Towns as well a ... HTTPURL
positive	LMAO ! #ByeFelicia - Ice Cube #StraightOuttaCompton ( Is that where it all started and moved on into Friday ? LOL )
negative	" May the hammer of thor fall on the head of any @USER player that tweets some shit like " " ... we failed the fans , but we have to move on " " "
positive	Justin Bieber still no . 2 after Adele on billboard 200 charts in the US ( 7th week ) HTTPURL
neutral	Cruz K 's with bases loaded to end 7th - - big play for White Sox to keep game close - - and his AL-best 37 - game on-base streak is in jeopardy .
neutral	BOXINGEGO : Floyd Mayweather Jr and Showtime make it OFFICIAL . Mayweather vs . Berto Sept 12th Showtime PPV . HTTPURL
neutral	" If you 're not at Tabletop in #OhioCity for Sunday Fun-Day , you may as well be getting punched in the face by John Cena . "
negative	" I know Niall , it 's Monday , the worst day of the week #DontTalkToNiall "
positive	" Tonight , Curtis is going to Comrade Bill De Blasio 's 2nd Town Hall meeting . He was told he 'd have to RSVP ( Reject ... HTTPURL "
neutral	A piece of me will die tomorrow morning if Sam Smith is singing the new Bond theme
neutral	Josh Hamilton ( knee ) is out of the Rangers ' starting lineup again on Tuesday night against the Mariners .
neutral	I think john cena may struggle with the concept of object permanence
neutral	" No it 's cool Milan , tie the 19th and 20th placed teams back to back that 's fine "
neutral	Probably why Marvel is waiting to show the Civil War trailer until late Sep / early Oct to give ppl enough time to get caught up w / Ant-Man
neutral	" When u say " " put on " " u gotta give Wayne the credit for nikki . Gucci may have been fuckin wit her but Wayne the reason she " " on " " "
neutral	Kris Bryant injured sliding into 2nd after RBI . Hope he is ok #Cubs
positive	John Kasich is crushing it tonight . He 'll see a huge bump tomorrow . - undecided Republican in Cleveland Ohio HTTPURL
negative	David Wright grounds out in the 9th . Was 2 - for - 5 today .
neutral	It 's the last regular Sunday market before Christmas ( though there will of course be the ever-popular Twilight ... HTTPURL
neutral	' Hulk Hogan ' appeared on Friday 24 at the 1st place in the Top 20 of Leeds 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	Iran said Sunday new US visa regulations for visitors from 38 mainly European countries but including Iran flies in the face of Tehran's
neutral	Duffy gearing for showdown against rival White Sox : Danny Duffy gets the start for the Royals in Saturday nigh ... HTTPURL
neutral	Tony Blair says engaging with Gaddafi may have prevented IS obtaining chemical weapons HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	They said talking tom brady in the 3rd round was a bad idea lets gooooooooooo ! ! !
neutral	Man Utd recall De Gea ? Ceballos to Liverpool ? Arsenal want Milan star ? Back pages for Sept 8 HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	@USER yakub came back fearing for his life since he knew that pak & ISI may terminate him the moment they feel he is of no use
neutral	" We 'll be talking about Seth Rollins ' #WWENOC Title Matches , #RAW & more #BustedOpenLive tomorrow from 2-4 PM EST on @USER Rush Channel 93 "
neutral	If she did the US may be at war with Iran right now . HTTPURL
negative	" HTTPURL As it 's not Israel , 100,000 Muslims will not bother to march thro London & rally @USER embassy of murderers who did this "
neutral	" HTTPURL Elizabeth Olsen never dated Tom Hiddleston , it 's actually Chris Evans HTTPURL #ChrisEvans "
neutral	September 4th last day at dunkin
negative	" I do n't care what you say . " " Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter . " " makes me laugh every time I read it . "
negative	Why are u so quick to criticize Christians but u shut up like a scared mouse & say nothing about religions of hate ? HTTPURL
neutral	Retweet if you want the 3rd world invasion of Muslims and Mexicans into USA stopped & mass Deportations ! @USER HTTPURL
neutral	#MLB #Mets David Wright will not be in the starting lineup for Wednesday 's game vs Philadelphia .
positive	David Wright comes back tomorrow and that 's all I really care about
neutral	" Dustin Johnson is n't the first guy to drop 22 places in a major on Sunday , but it usually takes more than 1 hole . #PGAChampionship "
neutral	If you ever wanna believe The Sun just remeber that they once wrote about Zayn and Louis secretly getting married in Thailand ...
positive	" Dang it I still need to make a folder of all my favorite pics of Naruto , Yibo , and Bambam ... I 'll do it tomorrow while finishing Jail . "
negative	My family & I flew from Israel for 14 hours and our 2nd flight was delayed one day . we were only an hour away from home #delightdelaysweeps
positive	@USER so sorry for your loss . May you and Cody And Cassidy smile everytime you think of the great Frank Gifford
neutral	Ryan Braun hit a grand slam and finished with five RBI in Sunday 's 6-1 win over the Phillies .
neutral	#VIDEO The last day of occupation will be the first day of peace Milan Oct 24th 2015 HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	#WorldSeries #Mlb #Fox #Fs1 #Kc #metsvsroyals I wonder how many kids will be #Thor tomorrow night .. Thor with a #Mets Hat ON ;)
negative	@USER as fans we should expect 6th and visible improvements in style . He will have to drop Kane for the cups now which is very sad .
neutral	" Photo : mymiddletons : July 5 , 2015 Prince George attends the Christening of his sister , HRH Princess ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Class of 2016 Tryouts August 13 , 15 , 16 - see you in Prince George , at SFU or Abby Senior that weekend . "
neutral	" @USER Hi Jamie . The only Twilight date left is January 1st . If you wish to visit on another day , you will need to buy a day ticket . "
positive	@USER I was literally thinking we should do the same for Fri / Sat nights . We spent the night in Brissie for Foo Fighters
positive	23 oct SGFG is out 25 oct MTV EMA'S in Milan tell me I 'm not the only one who hopes that @USER will be in italy #ShesKindaHotVMA #ema2015
neutral	" Rousey , Volleyball , Gilas , FIBA bid , Atoy Co 's shirt , and the opening of a new Premiere League season . What a transition into a Monday . "
neutral	" @USER you may be thinking of tara strong , who does twilight and bubbles "
neutral	Things you can always count on on Thursday of a major : Dustin Johnson leading ; Tiger Woods over par .
positive	" Today is National Hot Dog Day . I feel that since it is also two-slice Thursday , @USER should 've had a chili cheese hot dog pizza . "
neutral	#USOpen Anderson beat Murray in the 4th round . It 's Murray 's earliest Grand Slam exit in 5 years
neutral	#bhramabull Janet Jackson Shares A Heartfelt Note Dedicated To Aaliyah : With Tuesday marking the 1 ... HTTPURL #BHRAMABULL
positive	tomorrow is my day off . I 'm going to be chillin in my underwear watching Naruto all day
neutral	Theory : What if Frank Ocean dropped out of FYF Fest to instead perform at the VHS Luau dance tomorrow ?
neutral	1/2 Just found my OpEd on the front page of Iran Daily ( in Persian ) . A good read for Saturday morning . #terrorism HTTPURL
positive	The official photo released to mark Prince George 's 2nd Birthday ! Happy Birthday you gorgeous little star : * ... HTTPURL
neutral	why do n't ot4 stans ever remember zayn 's interview with the sun
positive	White Sox take the lead on CSN ! HTTPURL
neutral	" i almost bought a john cena lunch box on tuesday , idk if i should buy it "
positive	Monday mornings with Cate Blanchett sure do n't suck . @USER JW Marriott Essex House New York HTTPURL
neutral	" Poor #USA Rodgers fucked it up . Not Gay 's fault . Gatlin was rapid . Congrats #jamaica #china #canada for 1st , 2nd , 3rd 4x100 #relay #IAAF "
neutral	" May as well strap the golden cockerel from WHL 's roof to Kane 's back so that the burden on him is at once metaphorical , symbolic & literal "
neutral	" The winner of the #PGAChampionship will come from Thursday 's 9:05 tee time ( Jason Day , Dustin Johnson & Rickie Fowler ) #Prediction #Golf "
neutral	So is Modi ji going to Nagpur tomorrow to click selfie with the hangman and Yakub ?
positive	Prince George and Princess Charlotte 's cousin Mia may be the coolest royal tot of all HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER ok thank you Curtis , mum is away Saturday but Ella & Owen are here all wk end "
negative	" Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow and I 'm extremely sad I 'm not attending , I 'm gonna be depressed the whole day "
positive	I know that we are young And I know that you may love me #MTVStars Lady Gaga
neutral	Cubster Huggs & Love go out today to My Big Brother Steve Prado Because you and I may have had our Fights ... HTTPURL
positive	" Fans of Theresa May shop at Topman and enjoy Jim Davidson , as do fans of George Osborne , who also really like the movie The Interview . "
positive	" So , tomorrow will be time for streams . Dark Souls in the afternoon , very likely Fallout in the evening . Gotta finish that pesky game . x ) "
neutral	Motorola has announced their 3rd generation Moto G smartphone and we have all the details on this new Motorola ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER who is that " " Chuck Norris " " ? C'mon , he 's unknown to our generation ! Why not Mr . T ? #AkwaIbom #Akpabio "
positive	" Oh , My , ' Celeb ' Big Brother is back on Thursday . Time for the annual game of Who The Fuck Are You ? #CBB "
neutral	Are you going to Shawn 's show on September 8th ? Me : ( Vine by literally shawn ;) HTTPURL
negative	That U2 album that they sneaked unto my Itunes is still there . I swear I deleted it . Lord knows Bono may be the anti-Christ .
positive	Anyone want to come to Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean at MetLife on Saturday I have an extra ticket and by extra i mean a plus one wink wink
negative	watched 2 minutes of TFI Friday last night . an utter embarrassment . was cringing so hard . chris evans - gie it up
neutral	Rahul gandhi will have to take his birth certificate tomorrow to the magistrates court ... tough to prove not a minor @USER
positive	I just wanna see Justin Bieber in April
positive	I loved going here for Friday prayers Eid was something else here HTTPURL
negative	" @USER If Escobar was hurt I would hope you would be calling for Thor 's suspension . If KC throws up tomorrow , you should have no prob "
positive	Some RI cycling . Some Red Sox baseball . Some @USER storytime on the bike . What 's not to love ? ! HTTPURL
negative	" @USER so 1st you make up some shit about dissing Muslims , now I 'm a cunt because I support Israel . Who am I allowed to support fascist ? "
positive	my 1st gen moto G is more solid than Nokia 3310 . I love the stock android on Moto G HTTPURL
neutral	I 'll believe it when I see it . I wo n't fall for this again ( see : Frank Ocean ) HTTPURL
neutral	" Church in Pensacola does this 1 Sunday a year , every 2 yrs . Service with U2 songs in place of hymns / gospel songs . HTTPURL "
positive	" What an accomplishment by Paul Dunne , hope he comes out firing tomorrow #TheOpen "
negative	# Kentucky But gay folks are ruining the sanctity of marriage HTTPURL
neutral	" Gn8 : 9,10 " " TOMORROW " " : Christians today ( Pharaoh ) would rather wallow in sin one more day than to ask God to remove the sin IMMEDIATELY ! #rpsp "
positive	I want to dress up as Thor tomorrow and wear a Syndergaard jersey .
positive	Namaste ~ We have a relaxing weekend planned for you ! 10 Sept 10:30 am Kid 's yoga at Baransu & 4 pm Beginner ... HTTPURL
negative	Kanye West may in fact be the biggest douche bag in the history of the universe
positive	" Also I may not know Nicki , but I trust her . - @USER as we discuss Nicki Minaj @USER the VMAs "
neutral	" Monday Night Football was never just a game .. It 's an event because of Cosell , Dandy Don and Frank Gifford . Sadly all 3 are now gone @USER "
positive	I really want what Thor had in that flask in the 2nd Avengers . #Drank
negative	" @USER " " Gay couples ruin the sanctity of marriage , " " said the woman on her 4th marriage . You 're a government employee , do your job . "
negative	PS4 is a great system but it keeps ejecting my disc and I get short tempered ... will definitely hang onto it but may snag an Xbox one
neutral	" Shawn got up when Macklemore sat down and he came over so nervous and shook his hand and said " " Hi nice to meet you I 'm Shawn Mendes " " "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER although in the future she may join david bowie and live in new york you never know .
negative	@USER @USER @USER talking of Muslims .. now even Allah thinks you 're evil HTTPURL
neutral	" As sure as the sun coming up everyday , Dustin Johnson implodes at a Sunday major #PGAChampionship "
neutral	10th Round : Guess who .. It 's very easy ! ! First to 5 points gets the DM with Niall ! ! HTTPURL
positive	" Tuesday lunchtime linkage : David Wright is back and it feels so good [ USA Today ] Seriously , w ... HTTPURL #SupportBrooklyn "
neutral	" #MLBFantasy Ryan Braun reached base four times Tuesday , going 2 - for - 2 with two walks and two runs scored as the Brewers downed the Pa ... "
positive	The third Sunday in July means it 's National Ice Cream Day ! Enjoy the weather and your favorite scoop or two today ! HTTPURL
neutral	" taylorswift fact # 4 : she released the " " Bad Blood " " Music Video on May 17 . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Dana White lowkey just confirmed it UFC 200 July 9 , 2016 Holly Holm vs Ronda Rousey 2 "
negative	@USER @USER @USER Nicki wrote everything drake a emotion soft ass nigga crying cause he was n't 1st in line my dad meek won
positive	Holy shit my brother is the coolest 7th grader in the entire world . He literally defended Caitlyn Jenner in front of his entire class ...
neutral	The signs on Dunkin doors should say see you tomorrow instead of see you soon
neutral	write 2020 on your hand tomorrow if you support Kanye West running for president . #kanyewestforpresident2020 #kanyewestforpresident
neutral	Stop asking about Niall lol theres no room for a 5th pic
neutral	" Trump should let whoever comes in 11th place in the polls be a guest judge at Miss USA , to make up for it . "
neutral	So review says no homerun . Red Sox counter with review saying he was out at 3rd . #ReviewItAll
neutral	Kendrick 's Black Friday track destroyed Cole 's but they was just warming us up for ROTD 2
positive	" Foo Fighters in 2 days , night with my fave people tonight , work night tomorrow , and watching a panda open his birthday presents this morning "
neutral	Nicki dead has n't sat in an audience of an award show ( besides BET ) in awhile . She can't be bothered with those YTs .
positive	" We imperfect humans receive second or , sometimes , multiple chances . Keep up the good work , Shawn ! #SicEmBears HTTPURL "
positive	# just won tickets for Janet Jackson next Tuesday from @USER
neutral	Did you know that ' Caitlyn Jenner ' was Trending Topic on Thursday 20 for 5 hours in Washington ? HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	" Just saw @USER on the big brother best bits advert for next Saturday , just Ash 's face is the best bit of big brother "
neutral	" I 'll give him Gucci Sosa , Movie 1.Maybe writing on the wall . & yes . I fw Gucci.but Jeezy 1st 4 tapes burned da streets HTTPURL "
neutral	Man I hope she does n't Frank Ocean us HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Lets go see Ed Sheeran at the Amway Center on September 8th
neutral	Iran Says New U . S . Visa Rule May Violate Nuclear Pact : A restriction on visa-free travel to the United ... HTTPURL #world
positive	" Going to see Ant-Man today for the Sunday Matinee , just need to put the roast beef in the crockpot and I 'm good to go ! :D "
positive	My Take coming up : Frank Gifford 's impact on the game and on me . Monday Night Football was never just a game . It 's an event . @USER
neutral	@USER lol Ice Cube 's movie Friday . They are trying to get rid of someone named Felicia they do n't want around . HTTPURL
positive	" Miss Janet is BACK ! Janet Jackson - Unbreakable World Tour plays Calgary tonight and Edmonton on Friday , Sep 4 ! ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER Locked in as usual heard Curtis make the announcement . Sunday Mornings wo n't be the same without the fellas ...
positive	Wish I was going to see Sam Smith at the Toyota center tomorrow
neutral	" So provided twitch will work with me , I 'll try to do a short stream for MGS 5 ( PS4 ) on 12:30 am ( Eastern US time ) this Tuesday . "
neutral	@USER you going to Shawn jawn tomorrow
negative	" @USER Brock Lesnar may have ended the Undertakers Wrestlemania streak , but he did not keep the Deadman down . "
positive	@USER This Paul Dunne story is Unbelievable but I hope this Legend does it Tomorrow ! #helookslikemaryrobinson HTTPURL
negative	Imagine if population % age of Muslims in India declined & someone wrote asking Muslims to be happy about this HTTPURL
positive	@USER @USER rad ! i leave for israel thursday . i 'll get it on kindle . when was warfield around ?
negative	" @USER sure , chuck , waste another mtp w / carly fiorina gov brown 2nd half , & you 're concerned about his take on clinton ? ? ? "
neutral	flipkartsupport when will the Moto G ( 3rd gen ) 16 GB model be available ?
neutral	" ICYMI : #Rangers notes from Thursday , leading with Josh Hamilton to the DL . HTTPURL "
neutral	" #Tech News : Motorola lets you trade in your old Moto G , Moto E for the new ( 3rd gen ) Moto G - IBNLive HTTPURL "
positive	" As Prince George turns two , Europe marks other royal birthdays : While the second birthday of Prince George may ... HTTPURL "
neutral	when you tell your dad you saw Straight Outta Compton and you find out he sat next to Ice Cube on a flight in 88 '
neutral	" Big Brother is watching , so you may as well freak him out by visiting #Area51 . Org . HTTPURL "
negative	So we can't run ads to help catch the 16 most wanted terrorists because it might offend Muslims ... Great ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Aug 26 , 1988 : Hero and the Terror starring Chuck Norris and the late Steve James was released . #TodayInActionHistory HTTPURL "
positive	Good morning ! Next Sunday ( Sept 13th ) our Yoga class starts with Alex . 8am at our new Cobblestone location . We ... HTTPURL
neutral	Honored to have Pres.Candidates wanting to visit w @USER members & the community . John Kasich on Tuesday ! HTTPURL
positive	@USER c'mon in ! We 'd love for you to stay since Islam and Arab culture is the foundation of ' Merica - Obama
neutral	@USER People expect us to land a Tom Brady in the 6th with TD at the helm . Not gonna happen .
neutral	" He 's tired , will recant on Tues MT @USER : Scott Walker just told Stephanopolous that Obamacare had $ 1 trillion in tax increases . "
positive	" You have to admit , he 's pretty adorable ! Happy Birthday , Prince George :-) HTTPURL "
neutral	Floyd Mayweather fights next Saturday and no one is talking about it lmao
neutral	Had a horrible day at work so I 'm in the bath listening to Frank Ocean ... what do you mean it 's only Monday ?
negative	@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER Murray will never win a slam again unless he changes . 2nd serve a joke
neutral	What Do you mean - Justin Bieber lmao HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER degale for me mate but think Murray would cause him serious problems in the 2nd half of the fight , you ? "
neutral	Ed Sheeran tomorrow ... I mean ... like it 's less than 24 hours now .
neutral	Can we get Frank Ocean in charge of this asteroid so he can keep pushing the date back ? HTTPURL
neutral	" Alan Partridge co-hosting TFI Friday with Chris Evans is so very oh mate . Rule of thumb : If Armando is n't involved , it stinks . "
positive	Friday morning special guest live in studio . Drake White just got the opening slot on the Zac Brown Band tour ... HTTPURL
neutral	David Wright played 6 innings at 3rd base in Port St . Lucie tonight and went 1-3 . #Mets
positive	@USER @USER See Ya Tomorrow Night Ms Jackson . My first show from the amazingly sweet and talented Janet Jackson
neutral	Bold Prediction @USER is the 1st shark victim in Sharknado 3 Oh Hell No
neutral	Chief Justice of India says he will constitute a bench to hear tomorrow Yakub 's plea against death warrant @USER @USER
negative	" Anup Surendranath quieted Supreme Court job after Yakub 's death , he may Quit India after Daud is Hanged by Supreme Court of India "
negative	" #Jays starter David Price suffers 1st ever loss at Toronto - had been 8-0 ( 1 W as a Jay ) with 3.54 ERA , 60 K , 16 BB in 73.2 IP over 11 starts "
neutral	" Taking Go Set a Watchman with me to the beach tomorrow , the critics have n't put me off in the slightest HTTPURL "
negative	Nicki dead ass sat in our fAces and lied to us about meek . bye HTTPURL
negative	Bitch idgaf if you do n't want to go to school tomorrow John Cena lost
neutral	@USER @USER @USER GOP war on Women keeping Carly Fiorina from 1st string debate ; she clearly deserves to be their
negative	" Reviving Big Brother may have been Channel 5 ' s worst idea ever , and syndicating it may have been TV3 ' s worst idea ever . "
positive	" @USER Hi Jam ! Can you please play Stay by U2 ? Thanks , happy Friday :) "
neutral	" @USER The Inside Story of David Bowie 's Stunning New Album , ' Blackstar ' : One Sunday night in the spri ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" All request Friday ... Dedicate to @USER ... Her fav @USER tune ... Iron Maiden , Fear of the Dark ... QUEEN of Darkside always "
negative	IRA jailed for life for murder serves only two years and walks free because of good Friday agreement victims forgot about wont see justice
neutral	" Bad Blood has women from multiply races in the video , Anaconda has girls shaking their butt ... like c'mon now , this is not about race . "
neutral	I may be Miss Pennsylvania but she 's Miss USA @USER on yeet HTTPURL
positive	The only time it is okay to discriminate towards Christians is with handing out presents on 25th December . #refugeescrisis #auspol
positive	Need for Speed .. SNAP Tomorrow .. Rukna is BANNED .. Rahul Gandhi was the quickest today . You will be the one for ... HTTPURL
negative	I 'm slightly bummed the Foo Fighters are playing Friday night of ACL rather than Sunday . I 'm pretty much not gonna care the other 2 days .
neutral	Tomorrow K and I are going to see Paper Towns !
neutral	Of all of the promises of scifi I never thought we 'd see Big Brother come to light ... #FB we 'll be like UK soon HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER could basically be a female Brock lesnar type but the standard of competition would have to be higher 1st , I could see it happening "
negative	Kpop may be known in US and UK but here in Belgium we have NEVER heard of it before .
negative	Big Brother is actually painful . Can it please be Thursday already ?
neutral	" @USER : Kanye West : ' I 've decided to run for president - based on the history in that family , he may be US 's 1st black Female President ! "
neutral	The 2nd YA novel in a row I 've read with the main teen obsessed with Nirvana . Ha ! #jumpedin #carnivalatbray #grungeteens
positive	" It 's our 2 year anniversary tomorrow and Curtis wants to take me to the Hello Kitty cafe for food . Ahh , romance . "
neutral	" If Rousey runs throught Tate the 3rd time around , the Cyborg , Rousey fight has to happen . Or just let her clean out the whole division "
neutral	Nicki and Miley left nothing to the imagination at Sunday night 's VMA 's .
positive	Naijaprizes Proud of the Super Eagles - This perfect Monday the Super Eagles bowed out of the World Column ... HTTPURL
positive	TV Ratings : ' Big Brother ' Leads Wednesday ; ' Mr . Robinson ' Steady-ish on NBC : The CBS show again tops the night ... HTTPURL
neutral	Selling a Jason Aldean ticket for this Friday ! ! Text me if you 're interested
negative	Never understand people who keep Kanye West and the kardashians relevant . Kanye may be the biggest Moron ever .
neutral	No mention of the IRA 's encomium for @USER during @USER leadership election ? HTTPURL
negative	Kane might just be going thru that 2nd season syndrome
negative	Dustin Johnson led the British Open at the halfway stage at St Andrews on Saturday on a day that saw one of the worst wind delays in the
neutral	" WTOP Alert : On 1st day , Thomas Stone Elementary in Prince George 's County is closed due to a water main break ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER I hope that you have sort of a clear image about Islam and Muslims . It may look a bit complicated , but if you read , you 'll know "
negative	Fucking hot as outside here . I 'm sweating like Floyd Mayweather taking the reading portion of the SAT
neutral	Ben Roethlisberger says he is n't surprised Tom Brady won case HTTPURL #steelersvspatriots THURSDAY
neutral	" Leadoff triple for Ryan Braun in 9th . Brandon Crawford sac fly makes it 6-3 , but not enough . AL wins 6-3 will have home field edge in Series "
positive	STING vs . Seth Rollins on September 20th for the World Title ! Amazing ! HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Around 11:45 pm , but it never actually gets dark ... just stays twilight for four hours until the sun comes back up . "
neutral	HTTPURL C'mon Wawa NY and Long Island need you . I do n't want to run on Dunkin ' anymore #please HTTPURL
negative	@USER thanks for nothing Royal Mail . Still waiting for my Iron Maiden cd . Out on the 4th . Still not here . Away for a week now not happy
neutral	I 'm sad about going into 6th year so I 'm watching John Cena videos and it 's helping so much
neutral	Grim do you think that Seth Rollins will reunite with the shield if he losses both of his titles the US and the WWE HTTPURL
positive	" Could be someone important Hello It 's my manager ( c'est mon directeur ) Perfect , I told you #MTVStars Lady Gaga "
negative	" @USER @USER well admonishing him of it 's status in Islam is wat you should do if he 's of age . If he 's a little kid , kick his ass 1st "
positive	" My Saturday night in Milan ? Working , online coaching @USER HTTPURL " " Love your job and you 'll never ... HTTPURL "
positive	Hey @USER Sharknado is all about April ! ! You better be in Sharknado 4 Team April all the Way ! Tara U Rock ! HTTPURL
positive	" @USER considering the Foo fighters just melted my face , I can't wait for tomorrow "
neutral	Terry Collins said he asked David Wright to come out 5 times tonight . Wright declined . Will play Friday . Guessing off Saturday vs . righty .
positive	" @USER hi Brit , I will still be in Israel next Sunday . Thanks though . I will be following the game on Gamecast . Go Jets ! "
neutral	" Reading " " Vanishing Grace " " - answer this , " " When have you felt loved ? " " - Is Love the 1st word that comes to mind when you think of Christians ? "
negative	" @USER Foo Fighters were asked to play the main stage , but refused . They nearly tore the tent down ! I went on Sunday . "
positive	Milan may go back for Porto midfielder Gianelli Imbula . they will try acquire him on loan with option to buy . [ #TMW ]
neutral	" Coach : Shawn , you 're suspended for the game Friday . Shawn : No , I 'm playing . Coach : You 're right , play good champ . HTTPURL "
negative	" David Cameron , Tony Blair 's useful idiot . HTTPURL [ All began with a hanging chad in 2000AD . ] HTTPURL "
negative	@USER you are 3 away from my house friday and at that moment I 'm in the air on my way back home ! ! ! I do n't want to go to milan now
neutral	@USER @USER dude naruto will just use the 4th hokagy secret jitsu and steal your soul which will end up with you dead
positive	@USER fighters going to be a great day at Murrayfield please say happy 21st birthday to Kane that would top off his day
negative	" 10 Dec 1971 - Third UDR soldier in four days , along with one who recently resigned , was shot dead by the IRA in Clady HTTPURL "
negative	do you ever just cry on a daily basis bc of how fat and ugly u are and the fact that u may never meet niall harry louis liam and zayn hurts
neutral	PS4 tomorrow gonna miss the XB squad
positive	" According to a new poll , Carly Fiorina is the Republican presidential candidate of choice after Thursday night 's debates ! YEAH , CARLY ! #tcot "
neutral	Everybody with cable is going to be so hungover Friday . The Official GOP Debate Drinking Game Rules | Rolling Stone - HTTPURL
neutral	@USER I cried when I passed by the arena with my summer camp cause of Sam Smith PCD / Ariana Grande Oct 13th HTTPURL
neutral	@USER will you be extending the BO3 Beta to Monday on Xbox and PC like you did with PS4 ? ?
positive	There you go ! Murray breaks back in the 3rd . Can he make another comeback here ? Looooong way to go ! #USOpen2015 # @USER
positive	Only ONE day to go before the release of Go Set a Watchman ! See you all at 8 am tomorrow ... :)
negative	@USER that 's like me being Christians and saying the religion of Islam is stupid . I may not agree with their practices but I still have
neutral	" Shawn :'( @USER No please , stay until 18 September in Madrid , is I 'm going to Madrid on 17 . Stay please . "
positive	Paul Dunne made for life unless he blows up tomorrow . Sponsors be all over him #TheOpen2015
positive	" We 're good friends . - Chris Evans on the show Jimmy Kimmel , November 25 HTTPURL "
neutral	" I 'm phone is going to died so goodnight i will be back tomorrow if i have time see you guys tomorrow goodnight to Harry , Niall , Liam , Louis "
negative	@USER @USER @USER he speaks badly of Real Madrid not of Spain he has every right to sat what he wants .
negative	" Jews , Christians , Hypocrites among the Muslims May God either guide you or destroy you all . "
positive	kanye west may be the only soul i value more than my own
negative	today 's goanna be one looooong ass day because Calibraska comes out tomorrow
neutral	@USER for the Ed Sheeran tickets should we call as soon as we hear the 2nd song ? Thanks !
positive	@USER chillllll Lisa you 're gonna go out tomorrow and be Gucci
neutral	Gucci bags subliminal self confidentness november establish the two-sided thine distinct avant-garde too to no ...
positive	David Price may not shut out the Angels tonight but he will shut . them . down . | @USER | @USER
neutral	God bless aly for letting us go to dunkin ' donuts tomorrow bc im going to need that coffee sOoooOoOoOOo bad
negative	" Sharknado is the silliest film franchise so badly produced I cudnt stop laughing through the 2nd , I saw sharks flying n had to call it a day "
positive	Star > Box Office : Ant-Man Stomps on the Competition for 2nd Weekend at 1 : Marvel Studios ' Ant-Man was 1 at t ... HTTPURL #actors
negative	@USER May be coz we 've been molded that all bad are from the Israel & Western world . We have forgotten there are 2 sides of a coin .
positive	" @USER I think they may splitting up but you said like that so I 'm relieved to hear ! Thank you , Niall ! "
neutral	Did you know that ' John Cena ' was Trending Topic on Tuesday 25 for 17 hours in Providence ? HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	@USER Milan want him to but for a loan .. but zenit just want to sell so we will see tomorrow what will happen italian.spurs i hope
neutral	Azealia Banks may find herself in another hot situation after she involved herself in the Miley Cyrus and Nicki ... HTTPURL
positive	Final in Boys Basketball here at Lincoln . Splitters control the 2nd Half and beat Milan 74-61 . #SplitterPride
neutral	" Never thought I would see " " Justin Bieber " " in the context of something positive HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER it 's Real Madrid , the transfer will go through tomorrow , "
neutral	I wish the Jason Aldean & Cole Swindell concert was tomorrow
negative	@USER And do n't bother trying to impose a Sabbath worship of Sunday or you will find yourself facing a hostile world of CHRISTIANS .
negative	Lady Gaga feared she may end up ' dead ' - Independent Online HTTPURL #gagaupdate
neutral	When you realise it 's September tomorrow and Frank Ocean still has n't released his album HTTPURL
positive	" @USER Mr . Brady , might I recommend the new Iron Maiden album , which also comes out tomorrow ? "
negative	If you cant turn on Monday Night Raw and not get something out of it then something is wrong with you - Brock Lesnar #GOAT
neutral	@USER Hey Milan - A member of our team has sent you an email . Please reply there with any questions you may have .
neutral	" Navas is reportedly unhappy at Real Madrid , he called #mufc trying to rescue the transfer Tuesday morning . [ @USER ] "
neutral	it 's august 8th . Still no Frank Ocean album me : HTTPURL
neutral	" Giants star , voice of MNF Gifford dies : NFL legend Frank Gifford passed away on Sunday of natural causes , the ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I can't get over Black Friday ! J Coke and Kendrick both killed it ! HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Kane , a dog in your care back in July , was found loose today in G-town . Can you help us locate the owner ? "
neutral	Tony Blair the former prime minster of the UK tried to force Thom Yorke to meet him HTTPURL
negative	Sam Smith concert tomorrow got rescheduled and it 's not til September 30th I 'm hecka sad :(
positive	I 'm know I 'm going to cry at Ed Sheeran 's concert tomorrow . #imissmybrother
neutral	" Just now turning on the White Sox , and it looks like a Saturday afternoon neighborhood softball game #untucked "
positive	All I think about daily : Connor ball #MTVStars The Vamps HTTPURL
positive	" This may be about Miss America and not Miss USA , but John Oliver is always relevant / great / perfect / hilarious . HTTPURL "
positive	" Thank you for the Christmas wishes ! May YAHWEH bless and keep you , your family , and the sovereign nation of Israel . #BenjaminNetanyahu "
neutral	" Justin bieber , remember this when I show up to meet you , April 20th HTTPURL "
negative	Ex-soldier arrested over Bloody Sunday . Sure he will get a letter of immunity like the IRA killers from same era ... not
neutral	Anybody selling a pair of Jason Aldean tickets for the 19th at @USER ? ! My girl @USER needs some ! ! @USER
neutral	@USER sir first can we have clarity of Rahul Gandhi if he is Indian or not before you start scare Politics . HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER yes , download avaiable 30 aug , but after can't play . waiting 1 sep . you read this in PS4 after finish download . good luck "
negative	I 've said all along and still staunchly maintain that the Paris attacks : Charlie Hebdo and the 13 November 2015 one were both Gladio style
neutral	Check out our 2nd episode . We tell you what we thought of Ant-Man and what Netflix shows to binge watch . HTTPURL
positive	this song Black Friday by Kendrick has me so fucking wet he 's a God
neutral	" Murray about to get sent home . That ranking means nothing man , 15th vs 1st and you would never know ... #usopen2015 "
positive	THE ANTONIO FEIRCE just asked me to got to dunkin w him tomorrow ADLAKSJSKDH HTTPURL
neutral	" Title for Title match , winner take all , will it be Seth Rollins or will John Cena become 16th time World Champ & tie Ric Flair ? ! #SummerSlam "
positive	" Well , I just got tickets to see Paul McCartney October 22nd . Pretty happy about that . "
negative	" By that same logic , ISIS , Boko Haram or the MenInGreen could 've done it . Right ? HTTPURL "
positive	" Downloading Naruto : The Last , I 'll rewatch it tomorrow before class ^ / / / ^ "
neutral	Might have to start watching new sports when United announce Kane on Tuesday . That will end my love affair with football .
negative	Sanctions timed so that Iran will hardly profit from oil-sales - they may kill of the arabs tho - Far better than money
neutral	I 'm going to woo @USER with my intense ass karaoke skills tomorrow everyone better watch out I 'm pulling out the Bee Gees and Prince
negative	" ISIS is on the march , being bombed by everyone it seems , to no avail . Saudi Arabia keeps bombing Yemen as ... HTTPURL "
positive	Gr8 meeting Rohan & Milan 2day with Cst Crowe & MacArthur #K9Charger & #K9General ! ! ! Good Luck Wed Rohan @USER ! ! HTTPURL
positive	" Gosh , I just wanna wear my John Cena shirt everyday . Should I wear it ot class tomorrow ? Decisions "
positive	Seeing Janet Jackson this Friday and I think I 'm going to cry the whole concert
neutral	@USER same haha . Yo I had 9th overall pick in a PPR . Went Dez over Julio . Feel like Cowboys have to throw a ton with Murray gone
positive	Forgot to thank @USER & @USER for Dean Ambrose wrestling on Monday with no shirt on . God is good . #blessed
neutral	Finally Friday . Kicking off today with some Iron Maiden #metalfriday #IronMaiden
positive	@USER yes I love it ! ! Ca n't wait to see in Milan tomorrow ! !
neutral	So I think we all know who the Donkey of The Day is going to be tomorrow ... ( Cough cough ) Kanye West
neutral	am I the only person that just noticed Floyd Mayweather was fighting this Saturday ?
neutral	screenshots of Jasmine today ( nov 22nd ) via Briana 's snapchat video she just posted #jvupdates HTTPURL
neutral	Going to see @USER and the Under The Sun tour tonight . Hoping Mark does n't bring a Sharknado with him
neutral	" @USER Yeah , him and Seth Rollins have a long feud with each other . Couple years ago , the two of them along with a 3rd dude named "
neutral	[ VIDEO ] George Harrison : Living in the Material World . ( Released November 11 ) HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	" joabyxnx : Last Monday the Undertaker took Brock Lesnar back to kindergarten . Yes , I watch wrestling . #WWEBattleground "
positive	" Sorry everyone , but it 's not every night that you have Cate Blanchett over for dinner ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Right now , I predict crazy Xbox price drops in only one scenario ... if the week before black friday they are selling on par with PS4 . "
neutral	Christians and religious groups are not the brains trust of humanity Is n't it obvious by now #athiest #reading HTTPURL
positive	National Hot Dog day huh ? I may have to hit up sonic for these $ 1 hot dogs
neutral	Michael Brantley hit his 13th home run of the season in a loss against the White Sox on Tuesday . #Indians
positive	" @USER Sorry to hear that ! If things change before Feb , lemme know ! I 'll buy you a coffee and squee about Kim and Briana at you . * lol * "
neutral	" @USER Kane in EDM would be insane . If Kane went to MIN , MIN may finally be able to beat CHI in the playoffs "
neutral	@USER wins 3rd set to get back into the match but @USER still leads 6-7 3-6 7-6 Murray has won 8 times from 2 sets down .
neutral	I have 2 Zac Brown Band tix for their concert tomorrow @USER citizens bank $ 120 for both tickets ! ! Lmk if you 're interested
neutral	Starting off our Tuesday we have one from Idea . Bee Gees with Down To Earth HTTPURL
negative	" Yes , Neutron Star Collision may be crap but it was written for Twilight so what would you expect ? "
neutral	" If my queen is in the 26th place , THE QUEEN must be in the first one #MTVStars Lady Gaga "
positive	Now I can understand why George Harrison wrote ' here comes the sun ' . Sun after almost a month . Bangalore ! ! !
positive	trying to finish reading Paper Towns so that i can go see the movie tomorrow !
neutral	" Kris Bryant is the 4th best base runner in the league , according to the stat BsR ... Did n't expect that "
negative	@USER rubbish those who kill innocent are going hell simple . 2nd highest population of Jews in ME live in Iran after isreal
neutral	@USER @USER the homeland security.con team rely on itThe biggest bomb IRA campaign was set off in Dublin by Mi6 it was also 1st
neutral	@USER @USER Kanye West may just be an improvement over the @USER we have right now .
neutral	" Expert : Watch out for the ISIS sympathizers : Professor Eyal Zisser says ISIS may be too busy to attack Israel , ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Wishing " " - . / ' / . - " " You ) " " " ( HappY (= =) EID ) __ ( Mubarak for you and your family . . . . . 3rd day "
neutral	REHAB UPDATE : Kirk Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging and David Wright grounded out to second base in their 1st ABs tonight with @USER !
neutral	" LHP Matt Boyd , traded to @USER in David Price deal , will start tomorrow vs . the @USER . #BlueJays "
negative	I just can't believe I 'm gonna spend the rest of my life with a dude that does n't get how good Nirvana is ... Like dude c'mon
positive	@USER @USER that 's funny . I thought Tony Blair did a deal with IRA ( Sinn Fein ) on Good Friday !
neutral	" If John Kasich was frustrated by the medias momentary obsession with the billionaire real estate mogul Tuesday , he didnt show it "
neutral	" Iran , Oman hold joint military friendship committee meeting : TEHRAN ( ISNA ) - Iran and Oman held the 12th joint ... HTTPURL "
neutral	First Friday after Ramadan is like reunion to Allah : To keep all the carelessness we done in the Eid days aside & join HIM again strongly :)
positive	" Happy Labor Day ! Or as Scott Walker would put it , " " Get back to work , assholes , or I 'll bring in cheaper workers who 'll work * every * Monday . " " "
negative	" Thank you @USER ! Instead of beating up bad guys , Batman is beating up my PS4 . This is the 3rd time your game crashed my PS4 . "
neutral	Gucci unmentionables subconscious mind sanguine expectation december hike up the span yours special twentieth - ...
neutral	@USER Oh well . I guess I 'll just find a guy who sat on cake . Let me know if want to start a U2 cover band .
positive	Katy Perry flaunts her incredible cleavage in striking tasselled dress at Broadway show : SHE may have been the ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Scott Walker sat down and went " " I want to write a mariachi song about the Seventh fucking Seal " " HTTPURL "
negative	Indians open with Red Sox & do n't get the extra few days in April so the weather can improve . That 's bad news for the Tribe .
negative	" #tytlive I will make a bet that all these Republicans who hate Muslims , LGBT , & Women never actually sat down and did any research ... "
neutral	This is a picture of me praying for nirvana while the sun screams pain and the pumpkin shouts kiddy consequences HTTPURL
neutral	Do n't forget to tune in as Miss Iowa USA will represent the Hawkeye State during Sunday 's Miss USA pageant : HTTPURL
neutral	forcing myself to only listen to sam smith for the next 24 hrs to please my sister for the concert tomorrow but dude like .
neutral	Kanye West performing 808s & Heartbreak @USER the Hollywood Bowl Sept 25 & 26 . Poster Photography by Nick Knight #donda HTTPURL
negative	But it 's nothing that 257 families lost their family members because of Yakub . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER If Rousey retired tomorrow do you see anyone who would hold the belt for awhile or do you think it would get passed around ?
positive	@USER Okay thank you for telling me that . God bless you and May Allah make you friends of Islam . Ameen . @USER @USER
positive	Looking for someone to go with to a Zac Brown Band concert on August 21st at Citi Field . Anyone interested ?
negative	briana is 12 months pregnant tell a friend the baby may be stuck gtg
negative	Saudi Arabia orders execution of teenager for attending a PROTEST HTTPURL < and Yale fools want to repeal 1st amendment ..
positive	@USER he 's competing against Brock Lesnar in Brooklyn New York tomorrow !
neutral	Roman Reigns and Dean Ambrose may need to recruit Brock Lesnar to take out the Wyatts #RAW
negative	John Kasich seems like he may be too level-headed to be a Republican . #GOPDebate
neutral	" Wanna see Jason Aldean , Cole Swindell & Tyler Farr in VA Beach TOMORROW NIGHT ? ! It 's the Burn It Down Tour and ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER hi Niall tomorrow is my 17th birthday mean the world to me if you wish me a happy birthday thanks niall I love you
positive	" You 'll have a beautiful day - in @USER ' s U2 ride tomorrow , 10:45 ! #mysteriousways HTTPURL "
positive	We have added a second night of Yoga which will start this Thursday at 7:30 pm ! Hope to see you there ! #YMCA HTTPURL
negative	Is the Chris Evans show really bad this morning or is it Monday morning blues ?
positive	Tune in for gay stuff on @USER on @USER tonight . I will probably say ' Bye Felicia ' for my 1st time ever . #KimDavis #byeeeee
positive	" Rousey may be hot , but @USER is the true bae HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER @USER @USER as sick as it may sound , I hope Kane gets the indefinite suspension and Hawks get cap relief "
positive	" Wow ! For the 4th consecutive year , Zac Brown Band absolutely killed it . Great show ! "
positive	" 50 years since the release of one of the greatest songs of the ' 60s : " " Like a Rolling Stone . " " #bobdylan #Anniversary HTTPURL "
positive	@USER Italy miss you :) x come back as soon as March to Milan ! We are waiting only you and @USER
negative	Hulk Hogan picked the wrong time to be an ass the 1st class of WWE wrestlers are dying off like flies around a zapper #RIPRoddyPiper
positive	Tfw ur on ur way to see Ant-Man for the 3rd time
positive	I may not love all of nicki 's music but she is queen
neutral	" me and my sister told my mum we did n't get Justin Bieber tickets , and I 've wrapped them up , and tomorrow we 're gonna act like she got them "
neutral	Which means if Andrade wins she could get Rousey next . HTTPURL
positive	Me when the boys ' 5th album and Zayn 's album comes out #DragMeDownPower
positive	" If anyone sees Cate Blanchett today , can you let her know I may be late for our hot #StarWars date ? #sydstorm #TheForceAwakens #flightdelay "
positive	My hope is that John Cena fighting Seth Rollins this Sunday is a result of the whole Unexpected Cena meme that 's been happening lately .
positive	" @USER see you saturday , you sure this prince george is the right pub hahahha "
neutral	Moto G ( 3rd gen ) appears in new images with specs alongside HTTPURL #tech #gadgets
neutral	" Did n't Major meet the IRA , Quentin ? I may be wrong possibly ... "
neutral	" I just watched the KCON snap story & not rn BC Im going to bed , but @USER can u plz teach me all about KPOP tomorrow . or after Gish . heart "
neutral	HOW DEEP IS YOUR LOVE by BEE GEES was no . 3 in the UK charts on 10 December 1977 HTTPURL
positive	Murray has decided to only hit Aces . Already 4 and it 's just his 2nd game ! !
neutral	Tell @USER which friend of yours is #AFriendLikeOYO & you can win Moto G ( 3rd Gen ) plus much more .
positive	can it just be 5:30 tomorrow evening alREADY because Ant-Man will be over by then and the post credits will BEGIN HTTPURL
positive	Friday is best day of the week and it 's a Eid for Muslims .
neutral	" Kendrick Lamar in the top 10 , but not Pig Pun ? C'mon . "
negative	They may be mean but I guess they 're not stupid ... free TED but you have to pay for Amy Schumer - most unimpressed . HTTPURL
positive	" Hey , did you know National Ice Cream Day is Sunday , July 19th ? Make sure you take a moment to enjoy a scoop of your favorite flavor ! #YUM "
negative	1st half of Hannity : rage at the supreme court for outlawing Jesus with its gay marriage decision . 2nd half : kissing Ted Olson 's ass .
negative	" So , bone to pick with #HigherLearning - Ice Cube is a 6th year senior , preaching race politics & activism . Yet is clearly a lazy rich kid . "
neutral	Nat'l Headline : Miss USA contestants prepare to take stage : Women from across the country Sunday are vying for ... HTTPURL
negative	" Helwani to Dana White " " good luck tomorrow " " you fucking sheep "
negative	" I think I saw my soul mate on the metro this morning . But I did n't get to talk to her and I have left Milan , this may be a tough one "
neutral	" Was the NFL Trolling Tom Brady on Twitter Sunday Night ? : In case you missed it , a brief controversy unfolded o ... HTTPURL "
negative	" Everyone is wearing black tomorrow it 's gonna look like a funeral " " Niall is dead pass it on " " "
positive	" Its my birthday tomorrow and it would make my day if @USER would finally follow me ! An add on PS4 would be awesome to , but I can't play ): "
neutral	Kanye and Nicki are the reason they may have to do away with award shows . YOU say it 's about artists but you two always make it about YOU .
neutral	For the 1st time ever ... Noone cares about a @USER match ... Dean Ambrose is the most underutilized star right now ! #RAW @USER
positive	" Triple H was never Ric Flair 's bitch ... This Sunday , Imma make you mines . - @USER to Seth Rollins , lmao that was a great promo . "
negative	Currently downloading the Saturday night fever soundtrack CAUSE THE BEE GEES ARE THE FUCKING SHIT
neutral	" Monday Buddhist : The Truth is in all the ten directions , straight is the way to Nirvana . Buddha "
negative	" @USER The sun is shit in general ! they made up bad thing about Zayn , the baby news , Harry and ' X ' girl every day , homophobic Liam "
negative	" I 'm being taunted :( do n't get my PS4 until September 15 , and I can't play this until Halloween god damn it HTTPURL "
positive	" I 'll give you a hint , you wanna play it but you think it 'll be too hard . " " OH OH OH PRAISE THE SUN . " " " " Yes , Dark Souls . " " "
neutral	Kim Kardashian has waited until the 6th month mark to make a HUGE announcement about her pregnancy ! HTTPURL
neutral	" David Wright may not be an everyday player when he returns until his back is full strength again , TC says , and that could be spring . "
negative	" 1920 : Irish War of Independence - the IRA killed 14 Brit . force members in Dublin ~ Brit . forces then killed 14 civilians ~ " " Bloody Sunday " " "
positive	" Fell in love with Chris Evans , wanna download all of his movies tomorrow . "
neutral	" Selling 3 Zac Brown Band tickets . Saturday August 15 , Citizens Bank Park in Philly . Please let me know if you 're interested ! "
neutral	@USER Lmaooo but the Nicki controversy may get people talking
neutral	@USER Islam is the 2nd largest religion and every person interprets differently . But ofc there are main points that no one can dispute
neutral	Straight outta Compton made it look like Ice Cube wrote Friday ... Or maybe he was just reading the script
negative	" .. the " " cuddly muslim " " Eid stories that are about to flood the soaps wo n't mention any of this > > > HTTPURL "
positive	Shawn may be young but acts so mature and thats one of the things you should love about him
neutral	Murray been broken in the 3rd . Unreal . Straight sets loss would make my day
neutral	Anybody want to see Ant-man tomorrow ?
positive	The Vamps are coming to Belgium again April 20th next year ! They have n't announced it ( yet ) themselves but it 's definitely confirmed !
positive	" Chuck Norris has his own school of martial arts of which he is a 10th degree black belt called Chun Kuk Do . This is not a joke , it 's fact "
positive	" Kendrick Lamar , Black Friday is gold . you 're a god . Thank you . "
neutral	Briana wants me to wear white for tomorrow because she 's going in red but I want to wear pink wtf
positive	" Kane should have scored , but Howard made a great play on that ( and the Toby header ) . Optimistic for the 2nd Half ! #COYS "
positive	Wish today was Thursday ! Tom Brady and @USER take the field for the real deal tomorrow and I 'm toooo excited ! #BeerWingsFootball
positive	holy shit holy shit holy shit just found out I 'm gonna see Paul McCartney tomorrow ! ! !
neutral	Ryan Braun homered as the #Brewers beat the Diamondbacks 2-1 on Friday night . Milwaukee has won 5 of their last 7 games .
neutral	Interesting perspective on Saudi Arabia 's involvement in the rise and defeat of #ISIS today in @USER HTTPURL
positive	" @USER nobody takes away from Ice Cube because he wants to make a third Friday movie , he 's earned it ! Likewise , Knuckles . "
neutral	" Walking out of Dunkin and the guy says " " okay , see you tomorrow ! " " "
negative	@USER No . The Sun is notorious for making up bullshit about Zayn including the cheating allegations .
positive	" THE HOBBIT TRILOGY may have been flawed , but Ian McKellan and Cate Blanchett are friends now , so it was all worth it . "
positive	we want the 9th crown for USA and especially enjoys every moment you lived as Miss USA .
neutral	" David Wright is n't in the lineup tonight . We 're going to look into this , folks . There may be an injury situation to report . Fingers crossed . "
negative	" when people insult Nirvana it 's sooooo hard to maintain my anger , yeah they may not be your thing but there 's no need to critise their music "
positive	Thor and April love the laundry basket . #catsofinstagram HTTPURL
positive	" Forgetting about the money , I 'd just be so happy to see Paul Dunne do it tomorrow . Stuff of fairy tales ! Wicklow lad too .. #represent "
neutral	they put the instrumental for Fourth of July by Fall Out Boy in Paper Towns and I 've been looking for it since I watched it
positive	Amateur hour at Lord 's y'day & from 2.00 pm when Paul Dunne kicks off his 4th round with Shrek . #LoveMondays #TheOpen HTTPURL
neutral	Anybody wanna go see Kenny Chesney and Jason aldean tomorrow night with me and Adriana ? ?
positive	Followed up morning yoga with a little black bear diner . Sunday funday at its finest .
positive	Did you know today ( July 19 ) is National Ice Cream Day ? :D What 's your fave flavor ? HTTPURL
negative	Wow after tonight I may actually be done with Big Brother for the rest of the season . No one good left to win . #BB17
negative	I 'm not even a fan of box / mma but c'mon if you do n't think Floyd Mayweather is a fucking joke then you 're clueless
positive	" I 'm just really excited for my comedy filled day tomorrow ... Amy Schumer live AND John Mulaney on Netflix ? ! Thank you , America . "
neutral	@USER get to Dunkin for early Saturday breakfast and sign on the door says 6 am opening ... HTTPURL
neutral	Anderson gets tight but Murray cant take advantage . Anderson saves break points to hold & takes the 2nd set 6-3 ! ! #USOpen
positive	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL Foo Fighters , Aurora , Live , Milton Keynes Bowl , from the front , Saturday 5th "
negative	I suppose their will be a quick flight for Kerry to Israel for damage control . Putin picking up the pieces HTTPURL
positive	OMG ! ! ! boy this fight would have been so emotional and epic Naruto vs jiraiya in the 3rd Great Ninja War HTTPURL
negative	" #Superdeporte : Giannelli Imbula not impressing at Porto . The Portuguese club may consider a sale . Milan in the front , but also Valencia . "
positive	Yooooo I 'm taking all of the donuts Dunkin has tomorrow . Free inhabitant yo HTTPURL
positive	tomorrow I 've to wake up early so Zayn 's erformance on VMA better be true otherwise u 'll regret for playing with my emotions and sleep
neutral	" Jean Machi showing Red Sox fans exactly what Giants fan already knew ! Three walks in the 9th , one run in , bases loaded , 1 out . "
positive	All the best my champ .. I hope u will rise above seth rollins . Love u HTTPURL
positive	Galliani confirmed that Boateng will join Milan . He 'll be included in the team from 4th of January . #Milan
neutral	" @USER Hi , can you confirm that there will be extra services from Milton Keynes to London after Foo Fighters concert on Sat 05/09 ? "
positive	There may be nothing more exciting in WWE than the buildup to a Randy Orton RKO
positive	Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday convinced me that Kedrick is the best rapper alive rn alongside J cole
positive	TY @USER for this good news ! May Iran release our American prisoners very soon as well . #MerryChristmas to you HTTPURL
negative	hope this isnt another False Flag by MOSSAD in Paris like Charlie Hebdo bullshit . France is playing ball with Israel so it may not be them
neutral	@USER I may just have to watch Sharknado 3 tomorrow haha
neutral	Reminder : Country Fest shows ( Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean ) tonight and tomorrow . Expect heavy traffic in South Walpole and Rte . 1 areas .
neutral	" Murray needs to send for Thunderbird One here . Two sets down for the 2nd time . Surely he can't do it again , can he ? #usopen2015 #murray "
negative	" I hope Tony Blair feels shit standing there at Remembrance Sunday , cause he 's partly to blame for the deaths or so many soldiers in Iraq "
positive	Taste of Tremont + National Ice Cream Day . This may be the best day of my entire life .
neutral	Murray & Konta aim for last eight : Britons Andy Murray and Johanna Konta will be in fourth-round action at the US Open on Monday night .
positive	@USER Well ... Iron Maiden have just released their 16th studio album today ... quite ' prog rock ' in places ...
neutral	Oh F that it 's choreographed No F u lol .. Seth Rollins ' Knee Breaks John Cena 's Nose on Monday Night Raw HTTPURL
neutral	" Saudi , Turkey , US nervous as two sponsored " " moderate " " rebels against Asad were eliminated ? By the US & Israel method ? HTTPURL "
neutral	taylor may have won against nicki and bey but she did fart on live tv so i think nicki and bey are the real winners
neutral	Gosh darn it I really hope I get to meet Niall and the rest of one direction in December :/
neutral	" C'mon peeps ! Subscribe to our YouTube : T & T KPOP : we make covers , Kpop covers , funny vids , reaction vids , etc ... Just one click away ... "
neutral	" Just turned onto TFI Friday . Chris Evans is clearly still trying to get Charlene Spiteri from Texas into bed . Give it up man , you 're fifty . "
positive	Rahul Gandhi will have to wait until 30th Feb to become PM of India in future & only he can do it . @USER HTTPURL
neutral	" Holm only stunned Ronda Rousey , Joe " " Dumbfuck " " Rogan who all actually believed the hype train Dana White created HTTPURL "
positive	" James , you 're on Big Brother . A lot of things will happen to you for the first time . #PBB737TheConfrontation HTTPURL "
neutral	Instead of watching the Miss USA pageant I watched Drop Dead Gorgeous ... A 1999 dark comedy & Amy Adams 1st role ! #USA HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER @USER 2nd we have been at war with Islam for centuries . This changes NOTHING
neutral	Here is the latest v2brainbuster - HTTPURL - Read the views of the current staff on Hulk Hogan amongst other topics
neutral	Is there a single word in this 2006 Gordon Brown speech to the City of London that George Osborne could n't have said ? HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER no they did n't Tony Blair may have regretted it Labour as a party fought long and hard 4 Act
negative	Kanye West wants to be the next black US president . i bet I 'll be the 1st black Pope by then .
positive	I CAN'T WAIT to see Nicki at the VMA'S tomorrow
neutral	@USER ok if you buy me a ticket to Iran from 9th of June till end of August
neutral	Attention Yeezus : You may have just received another celebrity endorsement . It 's been exactly one week since Kanye West 's epic MTV Video
neutral	@USER 13 innings . Hit bombs to tie it in the 9th and 11th and lost on a CPU squeeze with Josh Hamilton AND my infield IN
neutral	@USER a reminder that Monday 8p m eastern time ac4 black flag multiplayer gameplay event if you missing out on PS4 gamelab trophy .
positive	tae : . me : Hello there ! So my 18th birthday is coming up soon and I am a huge Tae fan . I do n't know much about KPOP or anything but i wante
positive	Justin Bieber 's ' I 'll Show You ' is now VEVO Certified with over 100M views ! It 's his 21st video to do so . HTTPURL
positive	" Yesterday was a great day ! ! ! I felt like Ice Cube in the movie Friday " " Today was a good day " " . I got one of my ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Little concerned his ascendancy may still some thunder from Frank Ocean . As you 've said , Frank better hurry up w / new album . "
positive	I know y'all band wagoning j Cole and Kendrick if you thought Black Friday was fire
positive	Super-happy for Kendrick today but the reality is he 'll lose 90 % of those nominations in February and then it 's back to hating the Grammys .
neutral	" Since first three Red Sox hitters reached to open the game , Morgan has retired 12 of last 13 batters he 's faced . #Phillies lead 2-1 in 5th . "
positive	" For everyone who enjoyed Rain with us , see Paul McCartney live in Detroit ! HTTPURL "
positive	" I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album " " The glamorous 2nd Night of the EID , We All Together in snooker Cl " " HTTPURL "
neutral	Mayweather ends feud with Rousey : ' I wish her nothing but the best ' HTTPURL HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	@USER it 's the coaching fault how is Kendrick not rushing the passer anymore on 3rd down ? Like Cox not our best option
neutral	" Morning coffee with @USER and his playlist . Michael Jackson , Billy Joel , Nirvana , Bon Jovi , The Last Unicorn HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER I do n't know . Chuck Norris may have something to say about that
positive	Appreciate your recent Retweets @USER @USER @USER have a great Monday and welcome to the gay travel community
neutral	" What Gameplay do yall want to see tomorrow ? Smash , Naruto , DBX , Yugioh ? "
neutral	" @USER @USER Even though im Pro Gay Marriage , its pretty crazy that the general populous may actually have voted against it . "
neutral	" Posted 6 minutes ago : Shortly after dropping his Black Friday remix package with Kendrick Lamar , J ... HTTPURL #NewHipHop "
neutral	Here 's what a Charlie Hebdo cartoonist drew after the 2nd Paris attack in less than a year ... HTTPURL @USER
negative	@USER Is this why you took money from Saudi Arabia and other Muslim countries that treat women like 3rd class citizens ?
neutral	" Some of you may have heard of Promo Zo who has been doing mixes for Kane over the last couple of years , mostly ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" On Dec 14 will know the nominations from Critics ' Choice Awards , pray for TIHTY #MTVStars Lady Gaga "
positive	Talking about Janet Jackson ... I can't wait to see her in February ! #UnbreakableWorldTour
neutral	" @USER how about imagine furiosa screaming " " JOHN CENA " " and going IN ON THOSE RECORDERS LIKE NO TOMORROW "
positive	Happy Labor Day @USER and @USER . Hope you enjoy baby Murray 's 1st Labor day . Much Love to yall and baby Murray
neutral	@USER PS the things we want to do to Chris Evans are not appropriate for Twitter . And may be illegal in at least 3 states
positive	" T . G . I . F . : National Hot Dog Day is Saturday , July 18th . Where to find the best hot dog in Orlando ? Stop by Hot ... HTTPURL "
positive	" We may call Liam dad but let 's be real , Niall is dad . Always havin a chat with people , checkin up on the wife and fam . "
neutral	#Rangers - Josh Hamilton is not in the Rangers starting lineup on Sunday . HTTPURL #winning HTTPURL
positive	@USER @USER @USER it was funny though :P the 2nd thing i laughed at on Eid .
neutral	" Lou Reed , David Bowie , Nina Simone , Neil Young + personal originals . See you Friday @USER & @USER . HTTPURL "
neutral	that time they were all wasted at the brits and louis sat in zayn 's lms if u agree HTTPURL
positive	" Paul Dunne is playing lights out today at @USER , it would be awesome to see an amateur in contention coming down the stretch tomorrow "
neutral	" @USER @USER true , this is like the 2nd kdrama i watched ... was quiet popular in my country too And I was n't even into kpop at that time "
positive	@USER they have pumpkin spice at Dunkin ! But Starbucks not until the 7th !
negative	" Four were killed , 19 injured when a IRA bomb demolished the Balmoral Furniture Building on Shankill Rd on 11 Dec 1971 HTTPURL "
negative	" Heard on news : " " Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter . Experts say her gender wo n't have any effect on charges " " Seriously ? #SMDH "
negative	" If you put one over the plate he 's gonna fuck you up Called it , Kris Bryant with his 21st "
positive	Carly Fiorina Moves into 3rd Place in New Hampshire ! : According to the latest PPP presidential poll of New Ham ... HTTPURL
positive	Good morning ! It 's Monday ... again ... :-) ... Happy day after National Ice Cream Day ... :-) HTTPURL
neutral	I have already showed them the first episode of naruto and yugioh . This may not be a hard 5 hours after all
neutral	David Price has a lead in the 6th so basically this game is over
negative	" I think Nicki made an ass out of herself last night . 1st you call the VMA 's racist , 2nd then you perform and accept an award at the VMA 's "
neutral	Unless its on 19th . Rahul Gandhi will be a little busy that day I presume . HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER I 'd like to see him , Speith , Rory , & Dustin Johnson at least have a shot on Sunday . Kinda rooting for DJ after all he 's been thru "
neutral	" Scott Walker now says he would phase out RFS : Source : HTTPURL - Tuesday , Augus ... HTTPURL #youtube #parents "
negative	I really wish I was going to Ed Sheeran this Saturday :'( ( (
negative	" So wait , Twitter decides if April lives or dies ? It does n't make sense ... But then my husband reminded me this is Sharknado . #Sharknado3 "
neutral	Frank ocean 's album really came out on the 30th smh why he so sneaky
positive	" Yoga , removing the obstacles that may obstruct our light shining through #letyourlightshine #share HTTPURL "
neutral	Gucci inexpressibles ego-id conflict profound secret august incarnate the distich yours heterotrophic organism ...
negative	" In case you were wondering , Caitlyn Jenner is responsible for the death of a woman in a car crash in February . How courageous is she now ? "
neutral	Sat watching John Cena videos with @USER and some random
positive	Kendrick went wild on Black Friday I 'm still amazed like I have to sit in silence for a minute after I hear it
neutral	Cena vs Seth Rollins Monday night raw cena wins and retains the United States championship the champ is here HTTPURL
negative	@USER You may very soon get what your wish . #Israel looks set to come out of the closet & give their bomb raid kiss of death to Iran .
positive	Knowing Me Knowing Yule ! Alan Partridge to co-host TFI Friday Christmas special with Chris Evans on Channel 4 . Ca n't wait to see that ! A-Ha !
neutral	" If I do end up going to the concert tomorrow , I 'm gonna scream " " cheater " " when Jason Aldean walks on stage . "
neutral	" @USER my social studies teacher - not the one from 6th grade , but the one from 8th grade - told us disraeli discovered israel . "
negative	@USER he may live to rue those words as tony blair is ruing lying to the country
neutral	@USER she wo n't . They 're extreme Christians so they do n't believe in divorce .. She just had their 4th child so she 'll stay put
positive	Taking pops to go see Straight out of Compton tomorrow . Knowing his favorite rapper till this day is Ice Cube .
positive	" @USER CAN you beat Dark Souls 2 before tomorrow ? Maybe play both , as adventures in the apocalypse will seem nice in comparison . "
negative	@USER yes but the death of innocent civilians are a major reason for people to join isis just as Bloody Sunday did for the IRA
positive	Today is Star Wars Day because November 5th is when Guy Fawkes blew up the Death Star
positive	Can you believe it 's been 2 years already ? Happy 2nd birthday to Prince George . #PrinceGeorgeBDay HTTPURL
negative	" @USER wonder if Bukhari thinks the Muslim patrols in East London , the actions of ISIL , al Qaeda and Boko Haram ALL Muslim may have "
neutral	Group backing Scott Walker is spending more than $ 8M on ads in SC starting early Nov through the primary : HTTPURL
neutral	Madison Bumgarner strikes out Kris Bryant swinging as the #Cubs go down in order in the Top of the 3rd
neutral	" The moment Corey Gamble was sandwiched between Kris & Caitlyn Jenner : During Kylie 's 18th birthday party on Sunday , the night almost ... "
positive	" I love Israel and I will always support you , come what may . HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER @USER Thor : What a pussy . Other God 's have universes , Thor gets a measly day of the week " " Thursday " " #meh "
neutral	" DENVER - - FIRST PITCH : After a 131 - day absence , captain David Wright returns to the starting lineup on Monday ... HTTPURL "
positive	It 's Star Wars Day ! ! Staying off social media for rest of day to avoid spoilers - see you tomorrow ! :) #theforceawakens #starwars
neutral	The new guy at work calls me brother . I think he may be hulk Hogan 's brother . HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER hey hey , just checkng to see if you or @USER had any interest in Sam Smith tickets for cheap . Show is Saturday @USER erwin center "
negative	The relationship between Real Madrid and Man United has been ruined after the David De Gea transfer breakdown last Monday . [ marca ]
neutral	only 7 net hits at Fenway as the Blue Jays and Red Sox are in the top of teh 9th deadlocked 1-1
neutral	The Bee Gees are coming to you this Friday . Call us on 01253625262 for more information or visit our website to book .
positive	THE SUNDAY DAILY The Rock : Hulk Hogan 's paid the price for racist rant : DWAYNE ' The Rock ' Johnson ( pix ) ... HTTPURL #PrkDR
neutral	Not if nicki is gone be in it HTTPURL
negative	" @USER @USER As generally invoked , Islamophobia describes the fear by MSM that after a Terrorist attack , we may hate Muslims . "
positive	" Kanye West Is Running For President In 2020 - Kanye West , greatest human on earth , announced Sunday that he will b ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER focus on Briana and Michael and your family - just look at those gorgeous grand babies ! They think u r the sun ! Be happy Vicki .
neutral	@USER @USER I think you may be underestimating the difference in boxing and mma . Rousey has all the advantage .
neutral	" Sharknado , ftw ! C'mon , how could this not be the first thing listed ? #Sharkmovies @USER "
neutral	Which is more important @USER John cena 's 16th title reign to tie or number 17 to break the record
neutral	@USER My Euphemism Phrasebook suggests you may be trying to pass the blame for #ClimateChange onto Muslims . Is that correct ?
neutral	@USER @USER NOT Paris right now - that is the Charlie Hebdo support march . Martial Law in Paris - no on on the streets
neutral	Backing up my #PS4 HDD in preparation for the #Seagate 1TB SSHD I have coming . September 15 I get my new #TakenKing PS4 .
positive	Got to love these three dedicated days of laziness . Back to gyming it up tomorrow . Before Ant-Man .
neutral	" National Herald case : All Congress MPs , CMs to march with Sonia , Rahul Gandhi to court on Dec 19 ? : After raisi ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" 29 November 2001 . George Harrison , known as the ' quiet Beatle ' , died ( aged 58 ) . HTTPURL "
neutral	" I live in Ohio , let me say , no , just , no . Gov . John Kasich is 16th notable entry into GOP race - News - Ohio HTTPURL "
positive	" Congrats to Jan Bradley , one of our Jason Aldean ticket winners - enjoy the show and thanks for being a SKY 4 fan ! HTTPURL "
neutral	For once I want Rousey to destroy . #UFC195 #tategotscrewed HTTPURL
positive	Gonna watch Paper Towns for the second time on Monday
negative	" @USER I thought it was russia , today its russia , tomorrow Iran ? which is it ? ? Saudi arabia is more of a threat though . "
neutral	Brewers offense continues to struggle . Ryan Braun accounts for only run with a 1st inning HR . It 's a final from Miller Park . Cubs 4 Mil 1 .
neutral	" Tuesday is typically ' me ' day ... I go to Dunkin , I see a movie , I get Taco Bell ... But too many people need me today :-/ "
neutral	" Justin Bieber 's joy on the nature was due to connoisseurship , warmly seconded by the end may make his intrusion on entering "
neutral	Kim Kardashian may have broke the internet but Kanye West just broke Twitter #West2020
negative	" Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges " " good she manslaughtered her penis " " - Brandon "
neutral	@USER @USER watch out for George Osborne and Theresa May in the next episodes .
negative	" Why Yakub is so scared of death , when he is sure of getting 72 virgins tomorrow ? Why Siculars are denying Allah 's guaranteed reward ? Sad . "
neutral	is it bad that I want to try to meet Shawn again tomorrow
positive	It 's of hilarious that one of the biggest ovations from Thursday was when John Kasich said he would n't disown his hypothetical gay son .
neutral	" Real Madrid news : 5 September 2015 : Bale shines with Wales , France beat Portugal HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	" Oliseh pleased with home-based players after win in test game : Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh , ... HTTPURL via @USER "
neutral	@USER They were talking about it ! Barcelona and Real Madrid have minor sides in the Spanish 2nd division .
neutral	@USER I do n't get the Davis love . I mean sure as a 3rd string guy he 's ok but he 's no starter or Tom Brady
negative	" Last face you want to see on Remembrance Sunday is Tony Blair , lying , horrible , corrupt twat . Bush 's bitch "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER Is it true you guys are having Brock lesnar on your show tomorrow ?
neutral	" . @USER OK , you may have stuck this in my head . So , have to share ! Labyrinth - Magic Dance - David Bowie HTTPURL "
negative	" Dentist may lose Navy job in Saratoga due to Israel ties : " " You have weekly telephone contact with your mother ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Kris Bryant with a bottom of the 9th two out walk-off home run for a Cubs win ! HTTPURL
positive	Re-reading M Palin 's 1st diary . Some of the most influential comedy of all time being created while IRA bombs are going off almost monthly .
neutral	' Saturday Night Live ' re-watch : Amy Schumer 's monologue ( with Bradley Cooper ... - HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	i miss you like the moon misses the sun at twilight
neutral	Red Sox Need To Factor Andrew Benintendi Into Future Plans : All of the hype in the minors may have been for Yo ... HTTPURL
positive	" Saw Caitlyn Jenner @USER at the @USER today . She was hilarious . Nice to see @USER there too , we have tickets for the 28th yay ! "
neutral	@USER are you and the girls still coming down on Sat ? Beth can order the Paper Towns tickets on Thurs if so .
neutral	" Called Watchman , same story as To Set a Watchman but from the Watchman 's point of view ? HTTPURL "
neutral	Ca n't believe within their own hearts the guilt that Brady may have . I had similar shock when Hulk Hogan story rose . HTTPURL
neutral	" Of course he supports Israel - - may be crazy , but he 's not stupid HTTPURL "
negative	" I 'm a bit annoyed about what miley said about nicki . Taylor started the pop star against pop star war , nicki did n't even sat her name "
neutral	Tomorrow afternoon let 's do Raiding with Subs on PS4 . Have not raided all week . Links to follow in the morning .
positive	@USER May you please do a video on how to fight like Bruce lee and chuck Norris
neutral	Some Christians will tell you that gay marriage is wrong but will but on their 5th marriage .
neutral	@USER @USER ticibhfi the Katy Perry fan is talking may I take a message ?
neutral	" Nirvana Day is the 15th Feb . Buddha is said to have achieved Parinirvana , or complete Nirvana , upon the death of his physical body . #Buddha "
positive	Tomorrow is Force Friday and I get to see Slipknot . Totally the good day that Ice Cube rapped about .
neutral	" Frank Gifford was ' Monday Night ' magic behind the mic , always HTTPURL "
positive	" Man , George Harrison was my favorite Beatle . What a brilliant soul , may he R . i . p "
negative	Why does everything have to be compared with Muslims . At just 13 % more non-Muslims eat meat than Muslims in India . HTTPURL
neutral	" Real Madrid first bid for DDG , was on monday shows dy neva want him seriously and dy sign some players and leave DDG late @USER . "
positive	Is the 12th playing down wind ? Because Dustin Johnson just hit a pitching wedge 150 yards .
neutral	" Can I fund on type of IRA while tapping another ? HTTPURL for many people , it may be a good idea "
positive	Finally the International break is over Real Madrid returns this Saturday in La Liga against Espanyol at 16:00 CET ! #HalaMadrid
neutral	" Apparently Paper Towns is out tomorrow , in case you did n't quite get the memo .. "
positive	" Dengeki Bunko Fight Climax Ignition coming to PS4 , PS3 , and Vita December 17th . Hope that means a localization soon after the first is here . "
neutral	Rare picture of Kendrick Lamar in the Booth spittin ' Black Friday HTTPURL
negative	" @USER @USER @USER You are a Zionist , the entire world hates your kind . Latest poll shows Israel is the 3rd hated country "
neutral	@USER then stay home either way d: go watch Ant-Man tomorrow or something lol It 's just what I 'd do.Of course it 's still up to you
neutral	@USER I agree with Bert . Amy Schumer may not be in as many nominated movie roles just bcause her base is comedy - gets less noms
neutral	Guti ! He hits a 2 - run HR in the 7th . M 's down 4-2 to the White Sox .
negative	going back to gay ass morton tomorrow
neutral	" As of September #2012 , countries with standing national bans on YouTube include China , Iran , Pakistan , and Turkmenistan . "
negative	" @USER Except according to that Bible you " " Christians " " love , she is still committing adultery by not being married to her 1st husband . "
negative	" if only ever watched the #BBC and #CNN , you may not know that Saudi Arabia is bombing Yemen with US / UK / French arms . #bias "
positive	" So Calibraska which be fully released on the 24th ! A whole week earlier , are n't we lucky ! "
negative	" Government on Wednesday attacked Rahul Gandhi for alleging " " 100 per cent political vendetta coming out of PMO " " in the National Herald ... "
neutral	@USER the voting closed on 20th . Lady Gaga was placed at no . 2
positive	Carly Fiorina is 11th person in debate . CNN make exception for her . TV stations all gave her air time over weekend . She is at 5 % -
neutral	@USER @USER Spend more to solve all problems is not necessarily the way to economic nirvana you may think it is .
positive	Conor told Dana White that he 'd knock Aldo out in the 1st minute ... He did it . Wow .
neutral	" All of the enriched uranium in Iran under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action , accepted on July 14 in Vienna ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Anne Hathaway hid her pregnancy so well ppl just found out she 's in her 2nd trimester . if Briana is so private why could n't she do the same ?
positive	Happy 2nd birthday prince George wouldnt want to share my 50th birthday today with anyone else #proud x HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Sept 13 wear your Hulk Hogan shirt a lot of support around the world for hulk on this date
neutral	@USER this may be creepy but you actually look at lot like Lady GAGA . I never got a good look at you but I saw one of ur selfies
positive	Celebrating National Ice Cream Day with my fellow interns on this beautiful Sunday #andalsoPanera @USER
neutral	Not gonna lie I may or may not blare Justin Bieber in the Jeep
negative	" It 's a Sunday afternoon in the small , church-going town of Covington . I look like trash and Thor 's hungover . Cue the judgemental stares . "
neutral	Yoga is still on for tonight Monday September 7th @USER 5:30 with Vicky and again on Wednesday at 6:00 with Lydia ... HTTPURL
negative	" Okay so the White Sox suck , Rose and Kane may be sexual predators , and Cobb and Nelson are hurt before game one . Sports suck . "
neutral	" Dallas folks - we have 2 extra tickets for Ed Sheeran on Sept 5 . Suite level , platinum parking , $ 150 each . Let me know if you want them ! "
neutral	" Got bored , so I read Twilight and now I want a vampire bf ugh it 's 8th grade all over again :/ "
positive	" After Monday 's match against Seth Rollins , John Cena has officially earned my respect . Wrestling with a broken nose . Just ... Wow ! ! ! "
neutral	@USER Left parties & eminent citizens ' request to grant Mercy to Yakub may be rejected by President since he faithfully follows govt advice .
positive	Sonic is celebrating National Hot Dog Day on Wednesday with discounted dogs HTTPURL
positive	That brawl between undertaker and Brock Lesnar was crazy last Monday on Raw I want to see more
neutral	@USER @USER @USER see if you can get Norm to live tweet Big Brother on Wednesday . Thanks .
neutral	" Who is CNN & the GOP establishment keeping off the stage ? Carly Fiorina . 5th in Iowa , 3rd & 5th in NH 's recent polls . HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER Hope they continue to give the Rangers trouble . David Price tomorrow ! ! !
positive	" Tickets almost sold out ! , see me at the Queen Mary in Long Beaxh next Saturday with Ice Cube , , Ashanti , , T pain , , 2nd to None , , #shutdown "
neutral	My dad tomorrow morning : did you meet Shawn ? Me : no Dad : * hangs up *
positive	@USER @USER Yes truly . Oh and Rousey really is a world class Judoka for all the comments about 3rd place . HTTPURL
positive	" @USER ah really ? Thankyou ~ not yet , maybe bcs long holiday for Eid .. may I know the tracking number for the polaroid ? ^ ^ "
negative	@USER MIsrepresentation . What was said was that a lot of Christians may not have full understanding of the Trinitarian confession .
positive	Fancy this Paul Dunne at the open at 40/1 would make it a good Monday
positive	" Good morning , start this Thursday with #WPop130815 : Naughty Boy feat Sam Smith - La La La ; HTTPURL "
positive	" This was #classic . " " You may have sold your soul to the devil but your ass belongs to Brock Lesnar " " #RAW , but the undertaker ain't no joke "
neutral	My very public response is that you thinking your version of Islam is the only right one is wrong . HTTPURL
neutral	Sky : Melo and Perisic are set to debut in the Inter shirt against Milan in next Sunday 's derby . Icardi is also probable .
neutral	" David Wright to return to Mets lineup on Monday vs . Phillies : For the first time in over four months , David Wright is penciled in the ... "
negative	" ~ for , but worst of all , he 's cheated the WWE Universe out of what they truly deserve . Monday night was just beginning , if Seth Rollins is ~ "
positive	A3 : This was probably a LONG time ago . Insurgent maybe ? And meh . I am going to see Paper Towns on Sunday though ! #rqwn
neutral	" @USER @USER have n't read it but I can send it your way in the morning . Also , have IRA texts for you on Monday "
positive	Tomorrow is the first day of the week after Eid holidays wich means a huge # of ppl with a little # of ppl to serve them . Oh well . #vacation
neutral	if i can change my schedule right now im gucci so i wont have to worry about tomorrow when i see her
positive	" Picking up my car today , Big Brother is on tonight , season premiere of The League , not bad for a Wednesday "
positive	An update on the surprisingly effective fight against Boko Haram in Nigeria . Great reporting . HTTPURL
positive	Bad Blood is # 1 at pop radio for the 6th consecutive week ! ! HTTPURL
positive	David Wright comes back to a Mets team in 1st with a 5 game lead snd we 're whute hot . I have n't been this excited foe baseball in forever
neutral	Sorry by Justin Bieber has come on and I 'm having flashbacks of screaming and stomping along to it with @USER last Wednesday
neutral	Saw a sign at my local Dunkin about pumpkin coffee being available tomorrow . With this 90 degree weather I do n't think I 'm ready for that .
neutral	" Tomorrow I 'm going to watch " " Paper Towns " " . Do you recommend it guys ? "
neutral	@USER I have one question if I may ask . When you did that promo of calling Hulk Hogan the n-word . Did you go to him and apologize ?
negative	Dean Ambrose Want the UGLY ( #WyattFamily ) one on Friday Night #SmackDown . BUT I confused which one the UGLY ONE .. I mean the all are UGLY !
neutral	" Hope Winter-Hall ( Gay Liberation Front ) talks in the panel on Sunday " " Where do we go from here ? " " #politicalpride @USER @USER "
positive	@USER Do you know how i can meet Ed Sheeran tomorrow ?
neutral	" It may yet prove a step too far , but notice that there will be a " " Wrestling " " promotion to simulate the Brock Lesnar journey . ;) "
neutral	" @USER Hahahahhahahaha , kan hyb 2a John cena the 2nd xD and no need to be sorry ! "
neutral	" It will be at 3AM in the morning in Milan , want some company ? HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER I 'm going to Raw on the 28th . Any messages you want me to pass along to Seth Rollins ?
neutral	Cate Blanchett was channelling her Hollywood style as she flew out to LA with her family on Monday wearing a fedora hat and over-sized
neutral	literally everyone on my tl is talking about naruto im screaming this my wordt night mar e before christmas this should be ilega
negative	" @USER C'mon Curt ... Do n't you know that it 's only acceptable to talk down about Christians , gun owners and heterosexual white males ? "
positive	" Jumu'ah is an Eid in itself and the Friday prayer is more virtuous than both Eid prayes combined . Abandoning it is a sin . #JumuahReminder " " "
neutral	" @USER @USER Panik may be easiest one to trade , just b / c that gaping hole is most easily plugged with current FA ( Z , Kendrick ) "
neutral	Follow the top Amy Schumer stories for Dec 21 on our topical page : HTTPURL
neutral	Moto G ( 3rd Gen ): 11 New Improvements : Beau HD highlights eleven new improvements found in the third generatio ... HTTPURL
positive	Kris Bryant with his 1st career walk-off home run #SCtop10
negative	" This ain't the 1st day I 've ever called Nicki ignorant , fuck . I 'm on and off w / her . Its simple , & I do n't always like how she handle shit . "
neutral	Anyone wanna go to the city Friday morning and see Jason Aldean perform a couple songs
negative	" 2nd , you are n't beating anyone 's ass . The fact tht you 're so threatened by a gay man tells me you wldnt buss a grape in a fruit fight . ( Hov ! ) "
positive	National Ice Cream Day and Jesus ' resurrection on Easter are very similar Both are on a Sunday & both are the center of religious calendars
positive	" Going to go watch the " " Paper Towns " " movie tomorrow . Excited ! Have you guys seen it , yet ? Is it good ? I 've never read the book before . "
neutral	@USER Lee just sat down on his cot and stared at Thor . Silently . If Thor thought Lee was going to answer another question he was +
neutral	@USER @USER May the merciful Lord give them victory over d Boko Haram the murderers
positive	@USER the concert got changed to September 30th ... AKA GET YOHR BOOTY DOWN HERE AND SEE SAM SMITH WITH ME
neutral	sa-ANNE ka pupunta bukas ? CURTIS video be the reason why you go to #SOLTURA tomorrow ? Watch it to find out ! ! ! HTTPURL
positive	Tomorrow Yoga practice is about connecting with our Third Eye ! New Soundtrack too ! ! ! #reveilleyogastudio #RiversideYoga
neutral	" Christians , never downplay the importance of living an authentic life for Christ . Your life may be the only Bible someone ever sees . "
negative	" Where vanished " " candle brigade " " which used to march on every terror attack , demanding justice ? Wud U march with candles to " " HANG " " Yakub ? "
neutral	" @USER if I go to dunkin tomorrow for coffee ill buy you a bagel , toasted ? "
positive	A long read but worth it . Great insight into power & control of IRA in Newry . Chilling . HTTPURL
positive	Staying up 2 watch the Anderson v Murray match was so worth it . Only missed some of the 4th set when my eyes could n't anymore !
positive	@USER I 'm going to see the Foo Fighters on the 21st so if I see these as well this would be the best year of concerts for me ! !
neutral	Surely they did n't make John Cena a 15x Champion shirt just so he could win a 16th .
positive	@USER thanks lovey . We are going to see foo fighters next Sunday so that 's getting me through ! !
neutral	" @USER hey amber are you free November 14th . I asked Nicki but her best friend told me she has a boyfriend , that 's clear . "
negative	As long as the final shot is called by @USER there is no such thing as moderates in Iran . HTTPURL
neutral	" If you used gigs & tours to purchase your shawn tickets on the Monday , will you have a chance of winning a m & g ticket ? @USER "
negative	TFI Friday is just Chris Evans having a mid life crisis live on TV
negative	" Floyd Mayweather " " the thirstiest capitalist since Daniel Plainview " " lines up another boring fight HTTPURL "
neutral	Big Brother is like cigarettes or whiskey . 1st time you want to puke . After you overcome your natural aversion you develop a craving .
positive	" Working on my " " Thor " " drawing ' cause I 'm going to see @USER this Thursday ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Why do y'all want Nicki to be pregnant so bad like maybe around the 7th album but she 's literally still in her prime .
neutral	" ' At your Christmas , Bagram is alit and bright ; On my Eid , even the rays of the sun are dead . "
neutral	" It 's National Ice Cream Day . Or as we diabetics call it , Thursday . HTTPURL "
positive	Tomorrow for my birthday I think I 'm gonna go to the cinema because I want to watch Paper towns
neutral	" Before the first year , nobody gave it a chance . Now , 36 years later , everybody knows Monday Night Football . Frank Gifford "
positive	#ThankYouEdSheeranFor all the great songs you 've written and that amazing concert in Milan on January 27
neutral	" Some girl sat behind me on the train thinks it 's perfectly acceptable to blast her videos of a sam smith concert , which it is n't "
positive	@USER Definitely although I think if Murray does enough to win the 4th set he 'll go on and win it .
positive	From the Archive - : Join us as we shout at Christians on Monday outside Parliament . Weather expected to be nice . HTTPURL
positive	@USER alright . Guess I 'll watch it tomorrow then . Is Ice Cube in it ?
neutral	Having a ride along with Ice Cube and Kevin Hart must be very peaceful ... #RideAlong2 ~ Jan 15 HTTPURL
neutral	yo do n't ever say that ! god forbid ! may it not happen ! Zayn is cool ... do n't even try to compare them ... i love zaynnn HTTPURL
positive	" Reminiscing the Day of Eid , in the beautiful city of Madinah ... What a day it was ! May Allah take us all to visit the Haramain . Ameen . "
positive	Gonna turn gay just for @USER tomorrow
negative	" People seeking mercy for Yakub , Hope this Punjab terror attack may jolt you out of stupidity into reality #Gurdaspur "
neutral	Gucci gob shade face june emerge the couple your chap entering mere chance on pros and cons vital : ncCoOqyMh
neutral	Who 's going to ED SHEERAN next Wednesday
negative	all the jack and jack girls ain't gonna have no chill when calibraska comes out tomorrow .
negative	Boko Haram - the vindication of Governor Shettima HTTPURL via @USER trust
positive	we may not have the civil trailer but we 're gonna get rdj and chris evans on jimmy kimmel . and this is pure happiness .
neutral	" Super Eagles head coach , Sunday Oliseh to ring the closing bell at Nigeria Stock Exchange ( NSE ) on Monday , August 17 2015 #nigeriamagazine "
neutral	I thought Dustin Johnson chokes on 18 in Majors ? Does this mean he will win tomorrow ?
neutral	" My 1st & likely last Justin Bieber tweet , but does n't this pic look like he should be fronting a Smiths cover band ? HTTPURL "
neutral	There is a Dunkin iced coffee from June 27 in my fridge . I know it 's there every time I open the fridge . But I just leave it there .
neutral	Bad Blood is winning VOTY tomorrow ( even though it should 've been Blank Space )
neutral	" The sun rose , and I was terrified when I saw David Bowie walking towards me . - my coworker talking about a bad acid trip at burning man "
neutral	It may be considered heresy by some but that 's never silenced me B4 so would n't it be better to grow w / gay parents then to be aborted ?
neutral	More hugs till he faces Rousey ... then he gets KO 'd or choked out HTTPURL
neutral	So the Bad Blood video out May 17 . Vevo announced Taylor Swift broke the record on May 21 . That 's 4 days later ... ugh HTTPURL
positive	If I didnt have you I 'd never see the sun . #MTVStars Lady Gaga
neutral	" David Bowie famously sang that " " We can be heroes , just for one day " " . But it 's a Monday and I 've got stuff to do , so it 'll have to wait . "
neutral	" Watch Christian Bale , Cate Blanchett and Natalie Portman in the new KNIGHT OF CUPS trailer ! In theatres March 4th . HTTPURL "
positive	Wishing it was October so I can see Sam Smith already .
neutral	" invited to an expert round table in Poland on representation of Muslims in the media . Organizers keep emailing me " " Mr . " " 1st prob right there "
positive	I bet @USER Kanye 's speech ! Gonna have a lot of material for this Friday 's monologue ! Trump and Kanye West ! ! does it get better ! LOL
positive	I 'm in the south but my greatest desire is to see an end to Boko Haram . May God help our @USER president . @USER
neutral	Tbh wo n't be surprised if we get Briana pictures tomorrow just saying #AMAs #onedirection #OneDirectionOnAMAs #LarryStylinson
negative	" #YakubVerdict : my 11yr old exclaimed , tomorrow will be the worst birthday for Yakub but his 1st bday was worst for the country ! Makes sense "
neutral	quota na ah ! kala ko Photograph lang ni Ed Sheeran with Quen ... may Thinking Out Loud pa pala ! #OTWOLImHere HTTPURL
neutral	if shawn wears a suit tomorrow at the vmas ... i
neutral	Three White Sox players will make their first starts of the year Sunday vs . Royals . Updates via @USER : HTTPURL
neutral	Anyone planning on buying Floyd Mayweather 's next fight plz do n't do it . Buy CottoCanelo instead it 'll be 2nd best fight of the year .
positive	The reason TFI is n't as good now is cos the 1st time around Chris Evans was on the verge of a breakdown and it was incredible watching him
negative	Floyd Mayweather may be a good boxer but he sure is a terrible human being .
negative	" Dana White is a terrible promoter sometimes . Instead of praising Holm her for her performance , he says Rousey had a bad night ? C'mon man . "
neutral	Listening to lady gaga makes me not want to go to work tomorrow
neutral	" Ima walk into class tomorrow like Ice Cube did to his auntie house in " " Straight Outta Compton " " with a binder and all kinds of notebooks . "
neutral	" Meaning this form HTTPURL is from publicrecord , in which it says Rahul Gandhi is a British National HTTPURL "
negative	@USER Biafrans died on Wednesday bomb blast at Gombe in Zoo ( Nigeria ) . We want to be free from this killing everyday by the BOKO HARAM .
negative	" Dana White will lose a 3rd #UFC meal ticket within a month tonight . Rousey , VanZant , McGregor #BetOnAldo UFZzz "
neutral	I remember watching Friday I would always think Ice Cube was cute but now he 's old :/
positive	Foo Fighters and The Vamps on the same list ? ! ! thats why i love New Music Friday playlist on Spotify @USER HTTPURL
positive	Jack and Jack if you see this I will dress as Miley Cyrus to my first day of college and blast Calibraska as promo HTTPURL
positive	WOW . just wow Listen to Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday ( A Tale Of 2 Citiez Remix ) HTTPURL
positive	@USER you are one of my favorite wrestlers I was dying when you came at seth rollins on monday night raw .
positive	" Tomorrow I 'll do solo DMs with Michael Clifford , Justin Bieber , Nash Grier , Beau Brooks , Jai Brooks maybe LIAM ! so follow me n turn my notifs on "
neutral	" Kendrick Lamar really hurt me at the end of Black Friday " " I 'm Just Playing With Y'all " " "
negative	Bring Boko Haram prisoners to the SE Suspend 2nd Niger Bridge Invade AKWA IBOM Suspend Federal character Let Southerners defend you
negative	Fail : Philly Daily News with the 2nd worse possible Frank Gifford death photo HTTPURL v HTTPURL
positive	@USER @USER Going to see The Big Short tomorrow ( so excited ) & have started re-reading Twilight of the Elites .
neutral	" HTTPURL Monday , August 17 , 2015 Frank Gifford and the 1952 New York Giants by TJ Troup "
negative	" Hulk Hogan is a racist , Bill Cosby is a rapist , Jon Stewart is off the air and Donald Trump may actually become president WHAT IS GOING ON ? ! "
neutral	" @USER records Hulk Hogan 's time in WCW tomorrow . And yes , the timing is a coincidence . HTTPURL "
positive	Delighted with this piece we secured for Hawes and Curtis ... HTTPURL
positive	I 'm going to watching Mission Impossible : Rogue Nation and Paper Towns tomorrow . #stokedAF
negative	Why the heck is Chris Colgan playing 3rd base over Kris Bryant ? ?
neutral	Remember the night Jeter went into stands against Red Sox & Nomar sat ? Harvey 's people want him to sit & the old man may go the distance .
neutral	@USER I was the dude wearing the Iron Maiden shirt and Cubs hat by the stage on 13th . I think it was Sat . Both days are a bit hazy .
neutral	@USER remember when you said gasquet will be out before Monday ? m8 Murray is getting knocked out before him .
neutral	Kinda getting annoyed seeing I was paying yet my sisters decided no movies today xP At least I 'll watch Ant-Man with a discount tomorrow < . <
neutral	Floyd says he 's # 1 all-time & Ali is 5th . Agree ? Who is your top 5 ? Rousey says she can take Floyd in no rules fight . True ? ... 855-212-4227
neutral	@USER @USER @USER John Cena stuff is getting old very fast . this may have been the death knell .
positive	It 's Aug . 13th and the division-leading Jays will look to David Price for their 12th straight win tomorrow . Imagine hearing that in April .
negative	" @USER @USER She has 1st amendment rights of rel , , they could have just taken her name off it . You just hate Christians . "
negative	" When Sunday Oliseh said there wo n't be a playing philosophy for the the Super Eagles , I feared . My fears were on display yesterday . "
neutral	Fiorina Urges Republicans to Face Reality on Iran Deal : White House hopeful Carly Fiorina said Monday it 's tim ... HTTPURL
negative	Seriously . Now she gets to be the face of Christians claiming they 're being persecuted . Go away already . HTTPURL
neutral	Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday ( A Tale Of 2 Citiez Remix ) [ New Song ] by music of the heart HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	Me : Jun I have a secret ... Jun : what is it ? ! Me : well I 'm actually ... JOHN CENA ! Jun : oh my gawd ...
positive	Thank you very much Dustin Johnson . 1st round leader never in doubt !
positive	Anyone going to Zac brown band that needs a spot to camp ? Sunday night ?
neutral	" Sorry he 's not at the phone right meow , but Josh Hamilton can help you :] HTTPURL "
positive	" Naruto volume 70 from @USER ranks at # 7 , marking its 8th week on the New York Times Manga Bestsellers "
neutral	Look 's like we can't make a Dunkin run in the morning ... We can't be late to Fopp 's tomorrow or we 'll get a referral @USER
positive	" Watching the movie #Friday , realized Smokey was the first one to be #catfished in a movie LMAO ! Girl said she looked like Janet Jackson 0_o "
neutral	#KCA #VoteJKT48ID 5SOSListenedTo : Calum listened to ( and tweeted about ) Sunday Bloody Sunday ( Live ) by U2 !
negative	Stamkos does n't deserve more $ $ $ than Toews or Kane ... no #Stanley cups ... he may get big $ $ $ ... but he wo n't sign with #MapleLeafs ... #nocup
neutral	Favourite this tweet if you want Seth Rollins to wins or retweet if you want john cena to win tomorrow nigh on summerslam . Follow for cena .
positive	May our hearts be full like our drinks tonight #MTVSTARS Lady Gaga
neutral	" Following Trump , Scott Walker and Ted Cruz , said they support revoking 14th amendment rights for the children of immigrants . "
neutral	Whoever thought it was smart to schedule a Red Sox game at home on September 1st has clearly never been in Boston on September 1st .
neutral	" ' I may not be around to celebrate with you the publication of gay literary history , but I 'll be somewhere listening for my name . ' "
neutral	@USER ok then why have n't we seen him with briana since may
positive	Definitely going to have to take a trip to Dunkin on Saturday before the early ass scrimmage
positive	@USER so glad I was the grand prize winner to see Zac Brown Band I can't wait til October :)
positive	" Going to the movies tomorrow to watch Southpaw , Paper Towns , Train Wreck and then Ant-Man again . "
neutral	Kendrick 's To Pimp a Butterfly was at 1st ( 2 ) ( p ) IMP ( a ) ( c ) ATERPILAR.tupac.the last track on the album ends in a conversation between the 2
positive	" The Donald on whose on 1st ; the Kurds , no the Quds , no , Tom Brady " " yes " " , " " ... I can talk abt him all day , great guy , fabulous " " #thtsDonald "
negative	" @USER @USER I do n't think La mon was an economic or military target . So why did the IRa bomb , who were the targets ? "
positive	" @USER Time for the sun to set at 4pm , and bask in twilight until 9am the next day ! :D "
neutral	#MashupMonday Remember this one ? Katy Perry gets mashupped with Jan Oostdyk . HTTPURL
neutral	Discussing the T Swift vs K Perry feud with boyf ( he was unaware ) . He 's a big fan of both . He says he 's torn . May have to boycott Bad Blood .
neutral	" @USER seriously . If you two are still in Asheville on Friday , I work at Dunkin from 12-4 . West Asheville . I make a mean Coolatta . "
neutral	@USER @USER Sif ? * She felt as if she may have heard that name before . From Thor if she was n't mistaken *
neutral	" Murray now down a set a 2 breaks in the 2nd set : Anderson up 6-4 , 5-1 #USOpen2015 "
negative	Hulk Hogan may be a real American but he 's no longer a great American .
neutral	Tomorrow The Last Day of Work then I 'm Off for a Week .. Ima Walk in there Like Kendrick on the Vice City Video
positive	The Milwaukee Brewers played well today and Ryan Braun is able to hit his 24th home run and he did a fantastic job today .
neutral	" So , Seth Rollins wins the U . S . Title just to vacate it tomorrow ? #SummerSlam "
neutral	" Kris Bryant had a two out , two run single in the 1st . Cubs 2 Giants 0 "
neutral	" June 26 , Christianity 's nine eleven . Kim Davis ... Its first causality . Must all Christians now leave the public sector or conform ? "
neutral	" It 's a longshot , but if I were a betting man , which I am not , I 'd say John Kasich may end up the GOP nominee . It 's not going to be Chump . "
positive	" @USER Ca n't wait for them both ! September is equally impressive with FFDP , Iron Maiden , Slayer , BMTH , and Parkway Drive ! \ m / "
negative	Russia removes Iran 's enriched uranium as per nuke deal : The Russia-Iran accord under the July deal foresees t ... HTTPURL
neutral	Guy at Dunkin : Do n't you have school or something ? Me : Yeah but I do n't really go to 1st period ... Guy : * laughs hysterically * Me : ...
positive	pretty accomplished that i was the 16th comment on Justin Bieber 's insta pic
positive	" Dustin Johnson sure knows how to get an early lead on Thursday , he just can't hang on to that lead on Sunday "
positive	We 're at Paper Towns tonight because Thursday . I 'm not sure it 's not still June . Mom is excited about her peanut m & ms .
neutral	Gucci plenty anima overweening may stretch the duo your concrete inpouring addition en route to case impetuous ...
neutral	Dana White may be to blame for arguably the greatest UFC fighter ever not returning HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	I 'm a fan of some really weird music but the new David Bowie may be the strangest I 've ever heard . Not even sure what I just saw
neutral	@USER @USER What will Kanye West 1st Lady be doing when he becomes US president ? Turn white house to Nude playing ground .
positive	Just about recovered from a mad two weeks of events . Foo Fighters at the MK Bowl tomorrow . Gonna rock out and recharge !
positive	" It may only be the round of 16 , but holy cow ! Do n't tell that Anderson and Murray ! Incredible match ! 3hrs and 40min so far . #USOpen2015 "
neutral	Team Josh E Junoon Celebrated EID 's 3rd day at an old home in Rawalpindi HTTPURL
neutral	" Aug 2 , AB 3 : Brewers challenged ( tag play ) , call on the field was upheld : Kris Bryant singles on a line drive to center fielder Shane "
positive	HTTPURL Nirvana by the waterfront ... cool ass breeze ... sun . All is peace .
positive	Is there anyone out there that wants to go with me to the Kenny Chesney Jason Aldean concert tomorrow for free ! ? ! ? ! ?
neutral	By the invested by Real Madrid . I announce David De Gea will be paraded at 1pm Spanish local time tomorrow . Ameen .
positive	" Kendrick Lamar may just be the greatest rapper of this generation , and maybe many more to come "
neutral	@USER that may be true but when Gucci shines she turns heads
negative	" @USER see the attacks on iran by christofascist zionist cabal . Primarily for oil , 2nd , for hegemony . groups get scared . they see libya "
negative	@USER I 'm so tired of you dressing like you ain't got no money . You went from wearing Gucci loafers to 6th grade boy Sketchers .
positive	This is the 3rd Christmas I 've gotten Justin Bieber tickets hahaha blessed
neutral	" You sure it 's not an Ice Cube , Dr Dre , and Eazy-E kinda day ? HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER are you going to meet Dean Ambrose at Iplay America on September 5th
positive	Hopefully y'all is still doing the vote for April thingy on sharknado ! #AprilDies
neutral	" Didi Gregorius went 2 - for - 4 with a home run and three runs scored , and the Yankees outlasted the Red Sox 13-8 on Wednesday . "
positive	We had David Price 1st in our #FanDuel projections today . His 22 pts today ties him for 10th on the list of highest SP scores this season
positive	Did you know that ' Rahul Gandhi ' was Trending Topic on Thursday 20 for 8 hours in Hyderabad ? HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	@USER Do you watch all of those John Cena videos because I have developed a 6th sense because of them .
negative	Zombies Devour VMAs on MTV as ' Fear the Walking Dead ' Returns Strong : Kanye West may have sucked all the air o ... HTTPURL
positive	WHEN I THINK OF YOU by JANET JACKSON was no . 10 in the UK charts on 8 September 1986 HTTPURL
positive	" It 's a Sunday ; a day that a lot of Christians will go to congregate and worship God . Thought of the day , " " ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER My view on Friday , looks like we had the exact seats this weekend , I guess great U2 fans think alike ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Who does Louis hate more Zayn or Harry the world may never know
positive	" Monday nights Love Zone with Ruth includes songs from Katy B , Janet Jackson , Blue , Squeeze , Bon Jovi , Gabrielle ... HTTPURL "
negative	" [ HTTPURL ] White Sox on wrong page , no matter the chapter ( Sat , 29 Aug 2015 00:30 : 45 EST ) HTTPURL "
positive	" Sat in attendance with Miss USA , Miss Teen USA and Miss Universe at the Yankees game yesterday . "
negative	Sisi is a tyrant trying to suppress any possible Islamic uprising . May Allah grant the Muslims victory over this dog . HTTPURL
positive	John cena love you ask a question you will be Monday in wwe ? ?
negative	Please someone cheap shot the hell out of Tom Brady next Sunday .
neutral	Dustin Johnson is about to get that ' Tony Romo in the 4th quarter ' treatment .
positive	" Will Saint West Be Kim Kardashian & Kanye West 's LAST Child ? ! Deets HERE ! : Say it ain't so ! On Monday , it was ... HTTPURL "
positive	im not gonna cry tomorrow i will try not to cry tomorrow bc zayn 's happy now and if he 's happy then im happy
negative	If you want a good laugh .. or just another confirmation that Kanye West may be the biggest idiot .. ever ... or Both ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Ira , you may have said but what came of 76 - year-old man who confessed love from @USER ' s " " The Heart Wants What it Wants " " @USER "
positive	@USER Since you said Bloodborne may be better than Dark Souls I 've been having an almighty internal struggle . You ... might be right .
neutral	" 1st she said im gay , then she said im a drunkard , then she said im a player now she gives me her numbers without me asking her .. ---> D "
neutral	Zach Duke gives up a solo homer to Jose Ramirez in the 9th . White Sox lead now at 7-4 .
positive	Twentyonepilots sat dead faced behind Kanye West dancing is the funniest thing to happen all year
neutral	Lame . I thought they were going to put them on a card with Rousey and house it at ATT Stadium . HTTPURL
positive	@USER watch adele release it late december and block the charts ... and then when she 's done sam smith is coming
positive	I just want to get drunk tomorrow night and hangout with somebody and also go see Kendrick Lamar live
neutral	me when i think of larry and the new year and the break but remember briana is due in February and babygate wont die HTTPURL
neutral	The Undertaker returns to face Brock Lesnar at #SummerSlam August 23rd ... Watch FREE throughout the whole month ! HTTPURL
positive	May you all have a great Thor 's day ! #Asatru #awakenthenorth #vikingclan
negative	Its sick how they show Ice Cube writing Friday the film during straight outa Compton init
positive	Meisha Tate MIGHT have lost to Rousey twice BUT is still deserving of a 3rd shot cause she earned it by grinding in the #UFC
neutral	Brawler Martin Maulers came all the way from Prince George to get #lockedin for their 20th anniversary . Can they get out before their 21st ? !
neutral	@USER when Trevor Knight does n't hit up Katy Perry and now you gotta tell him he 2nd string HTTPURL
positive	Just learned in MUHI 100 that Thursday is based on mythology.Thursday is named after Thor . I will never think of this day the same . THORSDAY
positive	#IKnowImNotTheOnlyOne Sam Smith ... homie ... playa ... you are giving me Tuesday morning DEEPNESS level 8 yoh #KeepingMyShizzTogether
positive	" The 1st day of the Premier League season is better than Christmas , Eid , Diwali & Hannukah festivals combined . "
neutral	" @USER This may be a weird question but what sexuality are you ? ( Straight , Gay , Bi , or Pan ) I just wanna know , not gonna change feels . "
negative	I 'll be so jealous all the people who got surprise Justin Bieber tickets tomorrow
neutral	" hi im Clarissa & im captain of the cheerleading squad , I also like Katy Perry & dancing . stay gnarly ! ! - 8th grade me HTTPURL "
neutral	" My top 3 are probably : Granny Chiyo & Sakura vs Sasori , Guy vs Kissame ( the 2nd time ) and Naruto vs Pain . "
neutral	@USER @USER this is like the 2nd episode that should have Shawn on it . The 1st being Girl Meets Semi-Formal
positive	" Iran ranks 1st in liver surgeries , Allah bless the country . "
neutral	@USER if Paul Dunne wins tomorrow does he get the claret jug or is that only presented to the professionals
neutral	@USER I knew u in 8th grade and I 'm pretty sure it probably had something to do with twilight
negative	@USER Y do n't u ask ur reporters to collect pottys of Yakub menon so tomorrow you can sell it as Secular fertiliser .. rubbish reporting shame
neutral	" @USER Do you now realize that you , by virtue of your petition may be why dislodging Boko Haram will take a longer time to materialize ? "
neutral	@USER just go to church on Sunday you 'll be Gucci
positive	Guys . Today is Star Wars Day ! ! ! May the Force Be With You ... or Awaken ... or Whatever . I 'm too excited to get facts right .
neutral	" Presidential candidate and GOP Ohio Gov . John Kasich on Sunday defended his support of Medicaid under ObamaCare , arguing the decision was "
neutral	Anonymous said : hook up with niall and the closest he can get you is 7th row ... CHEAP HTTPURL
positive	That Kris Bryant 9th inning home run was the turning point in the season .
positive	It 's Friday ! Finally seeing Paper Towns tonight ! It 's going to be a good day ! #wallofcow
positive	" Should Paul Dunne of IRL finish the Open in 8th alone or better , he 'll move to # 1 in the SPWAR . Same for Niebrugge if 5th alone or better . "
neutral	" @USER @USER World may acknowledge , except the congress and Shriman . Rahul Gandhi . "
negative	IS leader threatens to attack Israel 7 months after he threatened Saudi Arabia . Israel must be hurt to come 2nd only HTTPURL
neutral	Milan wanted Witsel - Galliani : The club 's CEO has revealed he tried to sign the midfielder right up until the end of Monday 's transf ...
negative	" Boko Haram may have just killed 2,000 people : ' Killing went on and on and on ' HTTPURL "
positive	#Jays David Price on the bump tomorrow with his #WinningAttitude David throws the ball and dares you to hit it and that 's how he wins !
neutral	@USER just remeber nothing is set in stone they may have won a small victory but we will end Islam 's game you Know as well as I .
neutral	@USER jan can you confirm for me that Real Madrid have made contact previously with reus and were told no sale
negative	@USER Super Eagles performance was lacklustre & disappointing . We may not qualify if the ' Guardiola of Africa ' doesnt select well
positive	Its the right time to vote harder and harder for gaga because tomorrow will be too late #MTVStars Lady Gaga
positive	Cannot wait for Country Fest with my girls on Friday ! Love my home state Georgia man Jason Aldean ! Chillin on a dirt road ! ! !
positive	Ok so I am super excited about my Naruto cards coming tomorrow !
negative	" Al-Baghdadi in his latest speech remembered Palestine but forgot Iran , for the record this the 1st time ISIS directly threat Israel "
neutral	" J.Cole > Kendrick Lamar , biased opinion Kendrick is growing on me and the February album if true will be lit "
neutral	@USER agreed . Pay 30mill for Kane now or watch him bag 20 + and pay 50 mill in Jan ? The other 2 are going nowhere .
neutral	" @USER Hello , is it possible there will be a ticket drop for U2 in Stockholm September 17 ? #U2 #U2ieTour "
neutral	@USER i feel you man i feel you but it 's chris evans who ? every time brendon urie or doshua jun makes an appearance in yo mind
negative	" Fuckin " " Briana updates " " bitch u may as well start an update account for your shit you so interested in some fake ass " " baby mama " " "
neutral	" With the 25 - man squads done , here are some celebrities who did n't quite make it in . 1st up is Milan fan @USER HTTPURL "
positive	She 's currently preparing for the return of Celebrity Big Brother on Thursday but Emma Willis was looking relaxed in Edinburgh on
positive	@USER Man Utd may be forced to go in for Kane or even Austin if they can't lure bigger stars to the club .
negative	" Good grief Big Brother , can't you get a handle on the ants yet ? Every season ... ants . C'mon , fix the problem . #BB17 "
positive	Going to be such a nice sight to see David Wright standing at 3rd base tonight .
neutral	@USER But yes I do know where that saying is from . Is it from a movie called Friday ? Was it said by Ice Cube ?
positive	" Thanks to Ryan Braun 's defense , catch and guns down runner at home , Brewers get out of 1st down 3 . Was 3-0 with bases loaded and no out ! "
negative	" #HP Fiorina may find center stage uncomfortable : Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina , the former H ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Freedom of religion was the primary reason ppl came to America in the 1st place . " " Gay " " marriage was unheard of 350 yrs ago . "
neutral	" Finally watching Oli 's video with The Vamps and I 'm sat here wanting to dramatically mutter ' Tradley , Tradley , Tradley , Tradley ' "
neutral	Find out if i can pick up the gucci foams are couple of days early tomorrow
neutral	" NYT editorial claims John Kasich might be appealing to swing voters , while admitting he 's a social conservative . HTTPURL "
positive	@USER he has been happy ever since he sat next to Zayn at the Louis Vuitton fashion show (':
neutral	Why am I watching a changing diapers contest between kim kardashian and jimmy kimmel instead of studying for the exam I have tomorrow ?
neutral	Jennifer Lawrence waxed lyrical about Amy Schumer 's physique on Monday to chat show hos ... HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" The fact that I just read November 9 yesterday , and have n't listened to The Vamps , 5sos , adele and "
neutral	You know you picked some good roommates when you all just kind of decide to watch Twilight on a Tuesday night during dead week
neutral	Imagine if Paul Dunne wins the Open tomorrow and some nonce had a bet on him at 1500/1 ...
neutral	Order Go Set a Watchman in store or through our website before Tuesday and get it half price ! #GSAW @USER HTTPURL
neutral	NIRVANA VAPOUR Tomorrow only we 're offering % 20 off the entire collection HTTPURL #candles HTTPURL
negative	" 16 Nov 1982 - UVF Shankill Butcher Lenny Murphy was gunned down by the IRA in Forthriver Park , Glencairn , Belfast HTTPURL "
positive	you know you 're officially into kpop when you spend your Saturday watching the @USER documentaries in between homework LOL
neutral	" National hot dog day , or as I call it Thursday ! ! ! HTTPURL "
negative	Make sure to check your sources if you 're getting info from social media . Accidental references to Charlie Hebdo . HTTPURL
positive	Reminder : the wonderful madness that is Super Time Force hits the PS4 and Vita tomorrow . REJOICE . HTTPURL
positive	" I will record tomorrow and maybe even continue the Dark Souls playthrough . - Best regards , the Youtuber with no followers there nor here . "
positive	" Flashback Friday to last halloween when I was Hulk Hogan . @USER Good vibes are with you , brother ! HTTPURL "
neutral	I 'm having this problem wherein I watched Saturday Night Fever yesterday and now I can't stop listening to the Bee Gees .
neutral	" Iron Maiden - Remember Tomorrow HTTPURL via @USER Tune for the day , Old School Iron Maiden "
positive	" Rolling Stone says Blister in the Sun and the rest of the Violent Femmes debut album " " exploded like an over-ripe ... HTTPURL "
neutral	what if frank ocean drops his tomorrow on the same day as the weeknd
positive	" FYI @USER on Kim K 's Rolling Stone cover is , line for line , the funniest piece in @USER today HTTPURL "
neutral	" Nicki carried Taylor so much in that performance , tomorrow she 's going to need a Nicki massage . #VMAs "
neutral	" I 'm sorry , but if you see Paul Mccartney tomorrow you 're weak af #Lollapalooza "
neutral	Sonny gray and David price are 2nd and 4th in era respectively in the AL
positive	" it is , we may note , the goodness and loving-kindness of God our Savior that is the true model for Christians in our daily lives "
negative	" Hulk Hogan is on @USER for a racist thing he said ; 1st question is " " Are you racist ? " " What kind of white ain't gone deny that ? ! "
neutral	Never understood ppl who have been divorced more than once having a problem with gay marriage . HTTPURL
neutral	" Brothers please keep Sheikh Rabee in your dua , he has been sick since the day of Eid . May Allah make our beloved ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER @USER Islam itself may discriminate however , there is the " " jizya " " tax for example . "
neutral	HTTPURL See my Sunday Times article on Sam Smith doing Spectre months ago which he blatantly denied !
positive	I bought myself a ticket for Zac Brown Band in Philly August 15 . Super excited ! ! I 'm next to the pit right up front .
neutral	Real speak out on De Gea drama : Real Madrid said on Tuesday they had done everything necessary to complete the ... HTTPURL
neutral	National Hot Dog Day Today ( Thursday ) What do you like on yours ? HTTPURL
positive	@USER TY Kristian ! Makes my day that u actually remember me ! Is it because I said the 1st pic of us was awful ? Cuz I 'm Red Sox fan 2 ?
positive	" @USER That 's the 4th best single . Though I 'll admit that Bad Blood needs a combo of the remix & album version bc apart , they 're weaker "
neutral	Had a dream Frank Ocean dropped a dope ass 8 minute free style then answered his album was dropping November 1st . Hope it aint that far .
neutral	" Ryan Braun , baseball 's antihero just shows up in the 9th and hits a triple "
neutral	Photos : Sunday Oliseh signs contract as new Super Eagles coach : He signed the contract moments ago . Congrats t ... HTTPURL
positive	100 % sure i 'll have the lyrics to every song on calibraska memorized by tomorrow
neutral	The Rousey Era is over . ROUSEY VS . HOLM January 2nd . @USER is just that much better . #UFC
positive	" Janet Jackson will be in the Queen City on Friday , September 18th at the PNC Music Pavilion ! Are you ready ? "
neutral	What do I do ... Paul McCartney is coming to @USER Oct 13 and I have a free day that day but a mandatory 8 AM session the next day .
negative	* trumpets * ... WWE SUPERSTAR JOHN CENA TAKES ON THE FIGHT FOR THE BELT AND TITLE THIS SUNDAY NIGHT and youre just doing your fucking homework
negative	what people ? Just Kim 8 fans ? Lol girl that mixtape died with her unborn baby . We all know she use Nicki for promo . HTTPURL
neutral	Follow the top David Bowie stories for Nov 02 on our topical page : HTTPURL
positive	Happy 2nd birthday Prince George @USER We do n't know if he 's tried Hopster yet - but he can try it for free with promo G3ORG3 !
neutral	I 'm really just wondering if this would 've happened if Zayn was still in the group HTTPURL
neutral	But I still remember it to this day and it carries much more weight now so S / o to Mr . Murray wherever he may be
negative	#WhitePeople tag is like watching Sharknado in the 3rd dimension .
positive	Carly Fiorina most likely joining the primetime GOP debate . Bravo . HTTPURL
neutral	GST : Govt yields ground but Congress may not budge unless Rahul Gandhi gets credit - HTTPURL - Propping up the #Pappu !
positive	Tuesday is a great day at Love Life Hot Yoga with great classes to choose from ! Breathe . Move . Sweat . at 5:30 ( 90 ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER Frank Gifford was responsible for MANY hours of enjoyment for me on MNF ... he was TALENTED ... may he RIP ...
neutral	" @USER first off , u were talking about Muslims , not all rel ppl . 2nd , all should be subject to SAME rules , not worse @USER "
neutral	" David Wright hits a homer in his 1st at-bat off the DL , 3-1 #Phillies "
positive	" Star Wars Day is tomorrow for me . When you 're the parent of young kids , you can't do those midnight screening . "
neutral	" Somehow got wrangled into seeing Ant-Man again tomorrow with another group of friends . Ehh , I do n't mind much tbh "
negative	When September 13 comes along I know I 'll be forgotten .. just do n't be surprised when Niall gets assassinated
neutral	#MTVStars Lady Gaga Dick dick dick the time is dicking away .. voting closes 10 a.m. dec 15 tweet #MTVStars Lady Gaga
negative	2/2 and 2 ) if fnd guilty how can he serve more time than a convicted murdering IRA bastard released on good friday aggreement ...
positive	Been listening to Dom all day and then he drops a surprise mixtape . I 'll listen to Frank Ocean tomorrow for u lot
positive	" According to Janet Jackson 's long time producer Terry Lewis , the album is due in October . STAY CONNECTED ! ... HTTPURL "
positive	Did you hear about Harper Lee 's 3rd novel ? ;) HTTPURL Do n't forget to put Go Set a Watchman on hold at your library !
neutral	#Alert Rahul Gandhi will visit Flood Affected Chennai & Cuddalore tomorrow and not the Court .. #ChennaiFloods
neutral	" Denis Diaz ( 1.80 ) shoved 5 innings of 1 run ball in the GCL #BlueJays loss to the Red Sox , Monday . HTTPURL "
positive	" I really wana see Foo Fighters for the 3rd time , so unreal live "
neutral	Kris Bryant just broke a baseball HTTPURL
neutral	#nowplaying Five Years - David Bowie - The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars ( 30th Anniver HTTPURL
positive	I saw Paper Towns on Friday with some friends and it was AMAZING ! It might have been different from the book but I absolutely loved it ! ! :D
negative	" Your siblings may be cool , but they are n't " " 3 am Dunkin run for the hell of it " " cool . @USER #latenightthoughts "
neutral	Hi @USER is it possible for Paul dunne to turn from amateur to pro between 3rd and 4th rounds of Open . #solveabet
negative	@USER @USER ugh . :/ 5th we 're going . I 'm down all weekend got Foo Fighters on the Sunday ...
neutral	" My birthday money lasted exactly 1 month , I may or may not have spent it on Kpop albums "
neutral	What the federal Judge fails to see that the #KimDavis name is on the form for Gay marriage that makes it a #1st She does not have to comply
positive	Oh look . There 's TWRP for the Moto G 3rd Gen already .
neutral	Another dramatic day at the #USOpen . Federer & Murray march on but Bouchard suffers freak fall HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	@USER think you 're mad . 6th is only possible if Kane repeats last years feat which is next to impossible
positive	You Win Again - The Story of the Bee Gees Thu 19 Nov | 8p m THE STORY OF THE BEE GEES ! This incredible musical ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER : @USER might want to double check your Saudi Arabia info on this one . 1 . HTTPURL 2 . HTTPURL
neutral	Like i know Taylor Swift is touring and she is quality but surely @USER can give ' Bad Blood ' a rest . 4th time it 's been on today
positive	Only perfect counts for @USER #BeTheDifference Order the new Real Madrid 3rd jersey at HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	I went and bought an iTunes card just for Calibraska on Thursday @USER @USER #CalibraksaEP
neutral	The Book Of Souls Iron Maiden | Format : Audio CD 39 days in the top 100 Release Date : 4 Sept ... HTTPURL #music #follow
neutral	Gucci Foams 1st thing in the Morning ...
neutral	" Randal Grichuk hits his 15th home run of the season , joining Joc Pederson , Kris Bryant and Steven Souza , Jr . , as rookies with 15 + HR . "
positive	Shawn for the win she does n't no older boys . HTTPURL
positive	I watched Ant-Man for the 3rd time today .
negative	Them as wish to know more about Christians and other persecuted minorities in unhappy lands . HTTPURL
negative	I like Taylor Swift as much as the next man but Bad Blood may be the single worst song ever created in the history of mankind .
neutral	@USER I got you homie and yeah a lot people have n't Curtis saw me fight 2 oils riggers in CS lol but I might fight Dec 14th
neutral	" Kylie Jenner stole the spotlight at a " " Paper Towns " " screening & #160 ; in West Hollywood on Saturday , where she and sister Kendall turned up "
neutral	" I just remembered that Best Buy started selling Iron Maiden 's new single on Friday . I do n't care that it 's 10:30 am , I 'm going now "
positive	@USER on our way to Edinburgh it 's our son Kane 's 21st - we brought him up on great music ! Please say happy birthday.thanks guys
negative	" @USER FFS . He 's probably sat crying in to his Real Madrid shirt with " " Samba 9 " " on the back asking where it all went wrong . "
neutral	@USER is it true that you were n't 1st to tell Miesha she was n't getting the Rousey fight ? Understand why you went with Holly but c'mon
neutral	" @USER " " bye Felicia " " has unfortunately returned due to Ice Cube putting the line from his hit movie " " Friday " " in Straight Outta Compton "
positive	at HTTPURL you 'll see they 're also doing a David Bowie night at Los Globos January 23 . My band is called Gene G . Nee . JOIN !
neutral	Does anyone want a ticket to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow ? ! ? DM ME
neutral	@USER that may or may not have gone through my head when I typed it bc Sam smith af
neutral	" My Bench would be . 6th man Seth Rollins . Chris Jericho . Brock Lesnar . Ric Flair , and ... John Cena ... just kidding . NOT CENA . xD "
positive	" We were talking about Naruto , ( me and my mom : she became a huge fan within past year ) and I find it funny she called 1st hokage handsome x ) "
neutral	" Just saw Milan v empoli , happy for 1st win of the season but mid is terrible , completely agree with miha 's post match comments . #acmilan "
neutral	@USER @USER Nirvana - the ultimate ' Home-coming ' . Some may take infinitely longer .
positive	And just think ... Virgo David Price will be getting even better when Jupiter goes into Virgo August 11 ... HTTPURL
positive	Dont worry i 'll buy you a Gucci sneaker when i go to italy in october haha i think we shall start wearing clothes from overseas .
neutral	" @USER @USER 1st uneasyness was when he got v defensive about the Charlie Hebdo stuff , even tho he had pals patiently explaining "
neutral	@USER I think he probably needs to be on a plane early tomorrow morning for it to happen . Milan always leaks everything
positive	" @USER come to day for night with us on December 20th . Death Grips , Flying Lotus , Kendrick Lamar . "
positive	" My man Uzumaki Khan takes Thursday 's off work just to watch Naruto , love that guy man "
neutral	" Saturday Night Fever ( Bee Gees , You Should be Dancing ) John Travolta HD 1080 with Lyrics HTTPURL "
neutral	" I may watch Sharknado , but I draw the line at Lavalantula . I have my standards . "
neutral	My memory tells me that Frank Gifford was the 1st athlete I asked for an autograph . I was a youngster and he was a Giant . At a Yankee game
positive	A solar eclipse is a sign that Chuck Norris won a staring contest against the sun ... again .
neutral	David Wright comes through ! #Mets lead 6-5 in the 7th !
neutral	Women in Saudi Arabia allowed to vote for the 1st time & some elected to office . Victory or just for show ? @USER shares her thoughts
negative	What Scott Walker 's shaky answers on the 14th Amendment tell us about his candidacy . ( HINT : It 's not good . ) - HTTPURL
negative	HOF president : Frank Gifford ' built the game ' : The passing of Frank Gifford cast a cloud over Sunday 's proceed ... HTTPURL
neutral	More like more than 100 people but hard to believe this took place in Paris tonight esp . after Charlie Hebdo attacks HTTPURL
positive	" Well well , today on Amazon you can preorder physical 3DS Shovel Knight ( also PS4 ) for the original $ 19.99 price . I may get that after all . "
neutral	Keep it going Paul Dunne . Managed to get on him earlier when his odds were enormous . Same again tomorrow will be laughing . #TheOpen2015
negative	Justin Bieber was steady flashing so many symbols in his sorry video am afraid I may have been unknowingly initiated into the illuminati .
positive	Yoga is the only reason I get up early on Sunday
positive	Mets 3B David Wright crushed the ball deep to left on the third pitch of his 1st at-bat
positive	Tomorrow is my last day at dunkin after 3 years .. Bittersweet
positive	" #judge jeanine , I agree with you that Carly Fiorina belongs in the top candidates . In fact , she may be the best of the bunch "
neutral	" Our makeup game vs the @USER has been rained out for the 4th time , due to Sharknado like event in the area . We 'll try again tomorrow "
negative	I do n't like Kanye West because he does n't smile . - 8th grade girl
positive	Kendrick kills it in Black Friday .
negative	Why the hell is Black Friday by j cole and Kendrick not on iTunes yet .
neutral	" Brantley Gilbert , Jason Aldean , Kenny Chesney , and Cole Swindell - Saturday night . Two tickets . Anybody interested in getting the other ? "
neutral	IRONMAN 70.3 in #Ballarat 11-13 December . Have n't trained ? Do the Twilight Fun Run 11 Dec HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Just some Where Did You Sleep Last Night by Nirvana ( acoustic ) because @USER may need it .
neutral	" Yoga instructor , Jillian Jackson , will be at Samurai this Saturday morning for a special yoga class ! See the ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Salman Khan is known for blocking Eid dates for the release of his films , but with " " Kick 2 " " he may pick an ... HTTPURL "
positive	This week has me so exhausted & I 'm going to a Janet Jackson concert tomorrow w / the fam . Oh mah geeeeeee
positive	@USER @USER @USER Great movie Sharknado is the best one yet.Where is the audition for the 4th movie I want in.Great stuff .
positive	" @USER I thought your tribute to Frank Gifford was first class all around on Sunday . Thank you , Jason . "
neutral	" The 30 - year-old dressed up for her day out in Milan , on Thursday , sporting a plunging black top and caged heels as she made strides along "
negative	It 's looking possible that Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter . Serious question : does she go to a male or female prison ? ?
positive	" What a round by Paul Dunne , good luck tomorrow and I hope you win the Open . "
neutral	Jennifer Lawrence is Scheming a Fashion-Related Prank with Amy Schumer for Awards Season : Lawrence may have al ... HTTPURL
neutral	Maria thinks Harry is gonna leave the band in January and collab with Zayn on like 5 albums and then maybe works with naughty boy same
neutral	" Nicki is FED UP ! When she 1st came out she was bashed for her creativity , her body , her music . Now her opinions . I do n't blame her . "
negative	" After Charlie Hebdo murders , some people blamed the journalists . Hope they 're ashamed : France now 2nd most dangerous country for reporters . "
neutral	@USER : Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh says Mikel Obi refused to pick his call in London : Chelsea midfielder Mikel . Is it a toboo ?
positive	" since may i went to kmf , bts trb , kcon , sam smith , and nicki like it was a # / blessed summer "
neutral	Join us tomorrow Tuesday September 8th @USER Hotel Estia for YOGA with Karin Stenstra . Time : 9:00 - 10:30 a.m. and ... HTTPURL
negative	" by the PEOPLE timeline , briana is due on jan 26th THIS BETTER FUCKING END JAN 26TH I HOPE I NEVER SEE FUCKING DANIELLE CAMPBELL EVER AGAIN "
negative	" @USER As for the IRA , he talked to them publicly while Thatcher was doing it behind our backs . Without Corbyn , no Good Friday . "
neutral	Curtis with their 3rd 3 - and-out to start this one
negative	" Well Jokes apart , today or tomorrow Yakub has to meet with with 72 Hoors . S "
neutral	Review : Motorola 's Moto G ( 3rd generation ) is about user experience HTTPURL #business #tech
positive	Oh hell yeah I 'm watching Naruto all day tomorrow this shit was interesting
neutral	I was made for loving you Even though we may be hopeless hearts just passing through Tori Kelly Ft . Ed Sheeran #Nowplaying
positive	C'mon we all know Seth Rollins is going to win . #WWEchampionship #RAW
neutral	" Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh has revealed that Chelsea midfielder , John Mikel Obi was left out of the 18 - man ... HTTPURL "
negative	@USER There are four other posts on this timeline that equate Muslims with terrorists ... since August 3rd .
positive	" @USER yeah me ! ! But I will see you Friday Keep away from Nirvana , I know what it means when you listen to it ! "
neutral	Friday fun : Who would you like to sing at your wedding ? Ed Sheeran will perform at Courteney Cox 's wedding HTTPURL
positive	@USER I want to spend late nights with you and listen to Ed Sheeran with you and talk with you about everything under the sun
neutral	Bottom 9th now - Braun up - Perkins in - Ryan Braun triples down the right field line - #Brewers #BrewCrew #MLB @USER @USER
positive	I told mom that when we go to Florida Saturday its gonna be 9 hours of Justin Bieber and Adele ... she 's just gonna have to deal with it
positive	No Vaseline by Ice Cube may be the greatest diss I 've ever heard #StraightOuttaCompton
negative	Pink Friday set the standard for all Rap albums . If it was n't for Nicki y'all would n't have them mediocre bitches like Kendrick and Drake .
positive	@USER ugh right I sat right back down . Woulda been so great to beat the Red Sox with a grand slam ...
neutral	" Wait , did Taylor bring Nicki on stage when she won on Sunday ? I did n't think so ... "
neutral	" imma dog just like Gucci said , married to the money I 'm a newly wed "
neutral	Randy Orton vs Seth Rollins for the wwe world heavy weight championship now on wwe monday night raw 8/ 10/2015
neutral	Tomorrow morning on Good Morning America ... Hulk Hogan ... I can not say enough about this guy and what he has done for so many .
positive	This is a good video clip of Carly Fiorina on the 2nd Amendment . HTTPURL
neutral	Create an olfactory nirvana with the Figuier & Baies Perfumed Candles from @USER - Launching in October . Rx HTTPURL
negative	" David De Gea & #039 ; s girlfriend " " very disappointed " " after Real Madrid move collapses at the 11th hour HTTPURL #plfans "
positive	The Miss USA pageant was tonight so that means there will be a lot more girls at the gym tomorrow
neutral	" Iron Maiden tour dates get announced on the 25th ! Boy , I would love to see my 2nd favorite band live ! "
negative	" Deadpool game coming to PS4 and Xbox One in Nov ! WTF ? Probably has zero work done to it , just like Activision 's last ' Remaster ' , Prototype . "
neutral	@USER I honestly find it difficult to imagine a reader not knowing that Watchman was a 1st attempt with serious issues .
positive	@USER I FOUND YOU ! ! ! I 'm the one that sat right in front of you with my aunt :) ) ) is there any chance you took a vid of Niall
neutral	" You can't shit talk Kpop . Every group is so in sync and vocally on point . It may not be your thing , but it 's talent . "
negative	" He is getting on with his shit , which fifth album ? @USER who still say Zayn is coming back HTTPURL "
positive	" It 's good to kno the NFL season starts Thursday , so we can hear about other teams other then Tom Brady an the Pats ! #iDontCareIfTheyCheated "
negative	RVP is getting the Hulk Hogan treatment by Man Utd . No mention of him at all . Pathetic considering he won us our 20th title .
neutral	" Joe Silva and Dana White should really consider matching Overeem with Werdum . Reem may not deserve the shot , but that 'll generate money . "
positive	Salaam to all friends and enjoy the 3rd day of Eid with your family pray for the all people special pray for me kindly
neutral	Christians should be the most happy and cheerful people ... so others may say ' what makes him so happy ? #Saved #Happy #StraightOuttaOfSin
positive	Dont forget to enjoy your Healthy breakfast Tomorrow before you start your week After Eid ! #healthy #hungry #happy HTTPURL
neutral	. @USER is selling one ticket for the Island Show in NY including Shawn and other artists on Sept 8 for $ 56 .
negative	#Annoyed #GoldenOpportunity wasted . Tomorrow is another game . #Hate the Red Sox HTTPURL
neutral	We sat down and played a little game with The Vamps ( velociraptors may have been involved ) HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	By George he 's cute ! New pictures of Prince George have been released to mark his 2nd birthday . #TenNews 5pm HTTPURL
neutral	" Scoreless 7th inn for Salem and Potomac , we head to the 8th with the Red Sox leading 6-2 . RHP Derek Self through 2.1 scoreless inn of relief "
neutral	We look forward to @USER joining us in Milan on 14 Jan to talk about #NATO #China and #Russia in the #MiddleEast #ETFSConference
neutral	After Stephen wright tosses a no hitter into the 6th resulting in a 4-0 win vs David price . Should I sell for degrom ? HTTPURL
positive	" Did n't want to wait until October 10 for Boruto : Naruto the Movie , so I flew to Osaka , Japan to watch it ! HTTPURL "
positive	i just saw last monday night raw now and @USER came and made Seth Rollins and the authority shut the hell up love it #nevergiveup #wwe
neutral	Only reason is be scared of gay is if u hide your true feelings I says it 's hate and fear u may have thoughts of why do picture anyone
neutral	" Gov . John Kasich may seem moderate , but take a closer look at what he 's done so far . HTTPURL "
positive	" The rookie does it again ! Kris Bryant delivers walk-off home run in 9th inning to give Cubs win over Indians , 2-1 ! HTTPURL "
positive	So excited to be going with my lil girl Jaz to see Ed Sheeran & Christina Perry tomorrow night #DaddyJazAdventures HTTPURL
neutral	#MTVStars Lady Gaga We can last till the 15th HTTPURL
neutral	New trailer for Sky Atlantic 's The Last Panthers Series starts on November 12th David Bowie has written the ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Paul McCartney will once again get " " Out There " " this October with two more shows :: HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	" I may regret this later in the season , but I 'm so happy for David Wright . "
positive	@USER Took my son to see Ant-Man yesterday and the #ForceAwakens trailer played before . 1st time seeing it on big screen . #AWESOME
neutral	Boston leads Toronto 5-1 in the top of the 5th . The Red Sox are about 10-12 runs away from a safe lead .
neutral	Uncharted 4 is coming to PS4 on March 18 with two fancy editions to choose from HTTPURL
negative	" This fandom 's a mess omg , I would n't be surprise if tomorrow there 's a trend who says Niall 's going to marry his cousin #WeKnowTheTruth "
neutral	The Cubs jump out in front to a 2-0 lead off a Kris Bryant 2 - run HR in the 1st . #SundayNightBaseball #CHCvsLAD
neutral	" Ivan Nova notched a quality start , giving up three runs in six innings , but lost to the Red Sox on Monday . #Yankees "
neutral	" @USER - Before the smoke had fully cleared , the 4th appears directly behind Naruto , rasengans aimed straight towards his face . - "
positive	@USER #simonika hivemind ! We should watch sharknado tomorrow ... it might just blow your mind #sorry #notsorry
negative	@USER Donald Trump 's tweet is from January 7th after the Charlie Hebdo attacks ... tweeting for attention on issues like this is a no-go
neutral	" The 2015 MIFF Winner " " Across the Sea " " , film by Esra Saydam ( CQNL 2015 ) , screening in Milan , Italy September 9th HTTPURL "
positive	" Awesome release day tomorrow with Iron Maiden , Amorphis and Riverside , and can't really afford either . If I want to be sensible at least . "
neutral	@USER i thought Meteor Goliath was supposed to be available to everyone today ( 3rd of September 2015 ) i cant find it im on PS4
neutral	I watched an hour-long speedrun of Dark Souls ... he effin ' finished the satanic game in 59:49 . It took me a year and a half c'mon
negative	Frank Ocean 's verse on Sunday is so cold . The way he casually sent for Chris Brown > > >
positive	" @USER I 'm gonna see Ant-man tomorrow , can't wait . ( you seeeee , I 'm doing theaters lol ) "
neutral	" Dominant Christian " " culture " " is drowning out the truly loving and progressive Christians that I know of . :( HTTPURL "
positive	I wanna play Dark Souls again for the 1st time
negative	@USER Are you kidding me you are quoting The Sun right now in your article ! ? Niall and Louis said : NOT BREAKING UP . Not Harry solo .
neutral	" He may have visited Pakistan to start a new company by declaring as Pak Citizen as that of Rahul Gandhi , as per the Congress 4farmers & Dalits . "
positive	" Missed the game , but awesome that Kane scored . Should help a ton for Sunday . #Confidence "
positive	I hope I meet the boys on Saturday & I hope Niall follows me & @USER & @USER ! ! !
neutral	So my dad wants to buy tickets for UFC 195 on January 2nd just to watch Rousey end her fight in 30 seconds
negative	@USER Kane and Rooney last night ... may have been the ugliest strike partnership of all time . Horrifying
negative	" Tony Blair has become the must have accessory for every selfrespecting dictator , ranging from Khazakstan to Egypt HTTPURL "
neutral	Do you have a favorite Paul McCartney hit ? #music #Detroit HTTPURL
neutral	P Matt Boyd ( acquired in David Price trade ) seeks to beat the Royals for 2nd time in 6 days at 8 pm ET on ... HTTPURL
negative	So apparently a girl hooked up with Niall and he gave her 7th row tickets smh what a cheap bitch where those front row tickets @USER
positive	Calibraska comes out tomorrow ... I 'm gonna cry and turn up at the same time .
positive	I can't wait for the main event of Summerslam Undertaker vs Brock Lesnar ! May the best man win !
neutral	" Our actions suggest we are seeking a lower standard of paradise , not the same paradise that the 1st generation of Muslims sought "
neutral	Francesca is leaving Milan tomorrow and I do n't know how to feel about this
neutral	I sat here and listened the other day when that * gentlemen * Mr Sakshi Magaraj called Nathuram Godse a patriot . - Rahul Gandhi
neutral	" Friday is cenation day you have to wear a john cena tshirt , cargo shirts , an the wwe championship as your outfit "
positive	@USER Meccan Trade and the Rise of Islam is one of the most important books of the 20th c . on this topic .
neutral	" Big week for Presidential Candidates coming through the Metroplex . Gov . Scott walker here this am , Sen . Ted Cruz here tomorrow @USER "
neutral	" HeymanHustle , when Brock Lesnar & the Undertaker appear on RAW next Monday , there may b a brawl between them anew . R n't u worried about it ? "
negative	Tom Brady and Gisele may not divorce from him cheating but just settle for living miserably
positive	" Rolling Stone crowns Bob Dylan the best songwriter of all time , Paul McCartney second , John Lennon 3rd HTTPURL @USER "
neutral	What are The Sun trying to say about Zayn ? ... HTTPURL
positive	As cool as it would be to see the weekend tomorrow it 's impossible to skip out on Paul McCartney
neutral	I do n't care what you think about 1st and 14th Amendment law or even gay marriage . What did ELVIS think about it ? ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Just out of curiosity , why does n't Dean Ambrose have a match Sunday ? And why did we get gypped out of seeing him wrestle tonight ? "
positive	" Just a few hours ago Calibraska was 17th in Italy , and now it 's 6th omg ! ! ! #CalibraskaEP Jack and jack are so talented ! ! "
neutral	" Will John Kasich make it to the Thursday Rep debate to take place in Ohio , the State where he is the Governor ? Maybe ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Sat in the dark listening to Randy Orton 's theme tune is exactly how I want to be spending my Saturday night
neutral	The Twins knew they had no shot against David Price when they struck out the 1st 2 times of the game . Hard to hit his changeup when it 's on .
neutral	Sonia n Rahul Gandhi got summons . Swamy is doing all the answering . HTTPURL
neutral	May natandaan ako sa kanta ni sam smith na im not the only one a . k . a woo
neutral	Anyone want to go to Mets Phillies tomorrow in Philly ? Degroms pitching and David Wright returning from injury
neutral	these kids born in the 90s didnt know a Ice Cube as a hardcore rapper they know him as a actor and the guy from Friday . so who 's shooting ?
neutral	Oh dear god I forgot about my AP bio test tomorrow and I hope Curtis does too
positive	" ariana said that if i finish my mixtape before august ends , she 's gonna sue frank ocean and that 's probably the best motivation to finish it "
positive	i hope we celebrate niall 's birthday on saturday at otra And sing him happy bday even tho it A day before !
positive	" So long summer , school is definitely back in ... Saturday on the couch with a movie and school work . And confirming Eid travel plans :) "
neutral	" Mom I 'm going to Christina 's party after work on Saturday Mom : okay you have fun , I 'll be at a Sharknado 3 party ? ? Old people "
positive	That was a nice nod seeing Ice Cube writing the screenplay for FRIDAY . Another movie directed by F . Gary Gray .
neutral	@USER @USER @USER I doubt he wants a fight with Muslims ... he may be able to get the West ... politically hard to do !
neutral	" @USER * Faces pam , Grabs Stuff * I 'm stay the night with Shawn cya tomorrow ! "
negative	i may have forgotten all the parts in Ultron that did n't involve Chris Evans ' ass . is there still a JARVIS in Tony 's smart home / suit
negative	I just hope they do n't start asking Camila questions about dating Shawn on Sunday 's because it starts all this unnecessary drama
neutral	" Big Brother Gossip : Big Brother Season 17 , Episode 24 Recap : The Sunday after the double eviction episod ... HTTPURL #bb17 "
neutral	" Justin Bieber may have a number 1 single , but he still visits Santa Claus : HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	Tim Mahoney performs U2 with a full band tomorrow night at Pioneer Place ! This is such an awesome concert . There ... HTTPURL
positive	Nicki is a great woman I do n't care what you say . I may do n't like her music a lot but she 's very intelligent .
neutral	" Eragon may be teen fiction , but since Twilight such a category just has n't been the same . Eragon deserves a higher place . "
positive	" @USER I go to sleep tomorrow I wanna see ' Zayn malik follow you back ' , pls all the love is always xx HTTPURL "
neutral	Gucci bags yourself secret december come the dyad thine particular ultra-ultra ampliation on route to pleading ...
negative	Feb 1 2004 - 251 people are trampled to death and 244 injured in a stampede at the Hajj pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia
positive	Remembering how normal it was to see Ice Cube at our high school all the time Sat right in front of him at a play too lmao
negative	I can't believe people really like Sharknado enough for them to make a 3rd part . So stupid .
neutral	Listen to Here Comes the Sun ( Live At Madison Square Garden ) by George Harrison on @USER . HTTPURL
neutral	" #JonRonson is in the @USER today , so I had to buy it , but 1st , I read about Go Set a Watchman and Daniel Kahneman and other stuff "
positive	@USER is there a way to go back and watch some of the performances from the weekend ? I want to relive Friday and Paul McCartney
positive	Very exciting . Love David Price and he is going to love CRazy Corn . Go Jays Go ! ! ! HTTPURL
neutral	@USER baby girl u r the true Wonder Woman ! ! U should fight Floyd Mayweather next . Be the 1st time he 'd run from a woman !
neutral	Frank Gifford dying on Hall of Fame weekend is strangely bittersweet . He and the Monday Night Football broadcasting team were the best ever .
positive	National Hot Dog Day with the morning team starts at 7am . Tomorrow is National Tequila Day ... but not at 7am at work . HTTPURL
neutral	" CM Punk Speaks with Rolling Stone On His Outlook , Monday Nitro Volume 3 on DVD and Blu-ray , And ... HTTPURL "
positive	Tomorrow is my last day waking up at 5:30 in the morning to work at Dunkin and I could n't be happier
positive	" @USER @USER Let 's see , there 's " " Good vibrations , " " Trap Queen , " " Bad Blood , " " ... can't remember what he uses for 4th at-bat . "
negative	some 1 come wait in line with me Thursday at 3 @USER bc briana is being a bitch
negative	im so sad Ed Sheeran is going to be in Atlanta on Saturday and im not going to see him
positive	" Calibraska is going to shoot to the top of the charts tomorrow morning , you just wait . Jack and Jack have come so far and I 'm beyond proud . "
positive	they need to make a new Friday with Ice Cube son & DCYoungFly
neutral	Red Sox have a runner at 3rd with 2 out with the game still tied at 1-1 .
positive	I know that had to be hard for Al Michaels to announce the passing of Frank Gifford . They covered a lot of games on Monday nights . #MNF #NFL
neutral	What are the chances of Ant-Man still being in theatres on August 20th when I get to Halifax ?
neutral	David de Gea 's deal from Manchester United to Real Madrid stalls at the 11th hour - HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER It may not be " " just " " an ethic to Christians like us , but unbelievers by definition do n't care what the Bible says . "
positive	Tuesday is the best day of the week . #Briana 's Deli San Pedro #Belize #PigtailTuesdays @USER Briana 's Deli HTTPURL
neutral	" To " " show different aspects ( of Iran ) " " & " " leave the conflict at the level of the leaders and not between the people . " " HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER IRA and others killed innocent civilians but the good Friday was meant to be about moving on , noew it rears its ugly head "
neutral	Photoset : AUGUST 30 : Shawn with Fifth Harmony on the VMAs Red Carpet HTTPURL
neutral	@USER 6 tickets for Sam smith concert Sept 30 cheap ! Flew our family of 6 here fir the concert ! BEYOND UPSET !
positive	" Happy 2nd birthday to Prince George , the little gift that keeps on giving ! #HappyBirthdayPrinceGeorge HTTPURL "
positive	Here comes the sun du du du du Here comes the sun and I say ... It 's alright ! - by George Harrison
neutral	I have a ticket for sale to Ed Sheeran 's Melbourne concert on the 6th of December if anyone is interested or knows anyone who wants one ? :)
positive	Niall is so freaking cute j can't just imagine him sat there on his phone / laptop scrolling through all our tweets and laughing to himself
positive	" Mick Jenkins may be the best rapper alive and this is strong consideration of Kendrick , King Los , Ab-Soul , Big Sean , Vince Staples and others . "
neutral	@USER set Kanye West up w / the perfect opportunity to rebound from the Taylor Swift shenanigans & instead he sat on the ball & spinned . Unreal
neutral	Did you know that ' Scott Walker ' was Trending Topic on Sunday 30 for 3 hours in Chicago ? HTTPURL #trndnl
negative	@USER @USER @USER that 's why Pierrie and Zayn are so pale . They have n't been seeing the sun bc they 've been so shady
neutral	This War of Mine : The Little Ones is coming to PS4 and XB1 in January ! Watch the trailer : HTTPURL
negative	As if Tom Brady was going to lay waste to the Commissioner in a damn phone interview . C'mon . You know better . HTTPURL
positive	I wanna go see the Zac Brown Band this Friday .
neutral	There will never be women in the UFC Dana White a few years ago ... as Ronda Rousey headlines her 3rd or 4th UFC card . What a bonehead he is
negative	" Who the heck did John Kasich pay to get all this good post-debate pub ? Who is he ? Oh right , and the debate was in Cleveland . But c'mon "
positive	@USER we 're having a ball thanks . High tea booked at The Royal George tomorrow . You want to be Katy Perry ?
neutral	On the bright side at least we 're playing against David Price tomorrow
neutral	" @USER this is news ? Rly ? Lol . If in the ring with Rousey , I too , would run away . Older and fatter than Lolo I may not last a minute ! "
positive	Saudi voters elect 20 women candidates for the 1st time : Two women were elected in Saudi Arabia 's most conserv ... HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci host number one secret may come about the duadic your one open door into the bargain in advocating in ex ...
negative	@USER u supported Yakub . Have guts to Show solidarity with #GurdaspurAttack victims ? Remember cockroach from Wednesday ?
neutral	" So if Briana ( People Mag July 14 2015 as preggers ) got pregnant THAT DAY , then 9 mos is April 14 2016 . So just how early did they announce ? "
negative	" i HATE stupid 7th graders who think saying " " that 's gay " " makes them cool imma throw your phone on the freeway little shit "
neutral	" @USER perhaps even shared ; he pitches his voice for Thor 's ears * A mortal may not be enough , but they do help . All writhing and > "
neutral	" So Woody has been busy . Rumours he 's trying to get two in ( Bale and Kane ) and two out ( De Gea and Evans ) by Tuesday . #mufc #motwyw " " "
positive	Part of the Dluxe team are off to Milan tomorrow ! Feel free to throw out recommendations to us for things to do #milan #thingstodoinmilan
positive	Prince George 's latest outing at the beach may be his cutest one yet ! HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	Happy Friday everyone ... Starting off we have ... Bee Gees with Country Woman HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER it was only sleepless from around 6am .. early enough ! ! @USER may need to drink heavily when they go & see U2 !
neutral	gay dogs may make you horny but just pan lions makes you cum
positive	Here 's a photo of Prince George eating the future Queen of England 's hair . Happy Thursday . @USER #Royals HTTPURL
neutral	" Then Kanye West 's speech like " " bro " " 9 times . When you 1st watch it you might he 's nuts but after watching it back it made sense #Kanye2020 "
neutral	Literally sat through 3rd block today and talked about Kanye West w / @USER
neutral	" John Cena just beat up Jon Stewart on Monday night raw , too funny . "
positive	Presidency : Military may wipe out Boko Haram insurgents ahead deadline : The Nigeria military could wipe the in ... HTTPURL
neutral	Be wary any time Walker says he is n't seeking : Scott Walker : I 'm Not Seeking To Repeal Birthright Citizenship ( VIDEO ) HTTPURL
negative	@USER how does Ryan Braun get to step out of the batter 's box after every pitch ? Did n't we go over this in May ?
neutral	I have 2 Jason Aldean tickets to sell for Friday night . $ 90 for the pair . Any takers ? ?
neutral	@USER did u hear the Oreos 3rd basemen Tom Brady is free !
negative	" @USER Muslims came to my town in the 60 ' s / 70 ' s , 1st wave new generation in schools by 1975 ish . By 2nd wave , things got worse . "
positive	Tomorrow night it 's The Bee Gees at #cabaretsupperclub gonna be a brilliant night ! HTTPURL
positive	" Leader Inter moves 4 points clear with 4-0 win at Udinese : MILAN , Dec 13 : Mauro Icardi hit ... HTTPURL via @USER "
neutral	" @USER naruto started it all then got into inuyasha , cowboy bebop now im watching ikkitousen like there 's no tomorrow Kreygasm "
negative	Kris Bryant left today 's game in the 5th after head first slide into 2nd . Yikes .
positive	@USER looking better already now Curtis is sat on the bench
neutral	Was supposed to come up with a filler piece idea before my appointment tomorrow and did n't . Gonna come out looking like Randy Orton . SKULLS !
positive	Sheamus is going to win on Sunday since he was pinned by Randy Orton more than once since Battleground .
negative	yall Briana a funny ass bitch yo she may be slow asf but gosh lee she be having me dead
positive	" So Drake 's " " If You 're Reading ... " " is the 3rd best album of the year , behind Kendrick and Adele ( haha ) . They might as well hand me the Grammy "
negative	i probably failed my exam today but at least i was the 5th like on Kim Kardashian 's insta pic
positive	the boys won the voting for #MTVStars ! ! Lady Gaga came 2nd ! ! - S
positive	" #GH That was Donnell Turner 's 1st scene as Curtis , hope he stays in the show for awhile , maybe he can be Jordan Ashford 's new love interest "
neutral	Blue Jays score 4 in 10th ; beat Red Sox : Troy Tulowitzki singled in the go-ahead run off Alexi Ogando to trigg ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER zayn left on the 25th . i guess i should have added 1d BUT
neutral	" A Rwandan pastor has made the record of conducting the largest conversion of Christians to Muslims on Tuesday , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	What 's going on with Frank Ocean ? HTTPURL
neutral	Empoli now 7th on the table ahead of Milan (8 th ) . After Lazio at home Inter will travel to play Empoli away .
positive	@USER Amateurs performing well everywhere ! ! Paul Dunne leading the Open and Robbie Shelton in 3rd at the Barbasol . Good stuff .
neutral	2 democratic mayors in Michigan are hosting Ramadan dinners for Muslims on ... Wait for it ... September 11th # O # K # A # Y
neutral	" @USER I agree , we went to see the Foo Fighters Monday at DTE and they came on thirty minutes after the opening act . "
positive	" Honored to work with the man Rolling Stone hails " " The Father of Modern #Bluegrass " " - Rodney Dillard ! #nashville HTTPURL "
positive	im going to sleep excited for june 6th so i can watch twilight all day every day !
positive	@USER Me too ! Hopefully I get back soon enough to enjoy some drinks ! ! Shawn was saying you guys will be there Fri and Sat nite ? ?
positive	Favorite this if you want super chefs Curtis and Mcdaid to make you breakfast in bed tomorrow #We #WatchedTooMuch #FoodNetwork
neutral	Using my advent calendar to count down the days to Corbyn 's resignation . Expect to see a resurgence of the IRA and support for 3rd intifada
positive	Really hoping Kendrick 's next album has at least 10 tracks where he snaps like he did on his black friday freestyle
neutral	@USER mate of mine @USER heading your way Mon night for the U2 gigs . He 's looking to paying homage at the Fenian lampost .
negative	Was gonna see Inside Out again tomorrow but I found it a bit disappointing so we 'll probably watch Ant-Man again
neutral	I may have missed it but Tony Blair is very quiet on this subject ! #SyriaVote
neutral	" He may be the best choice for Christians , but he 'd be a better one if he wasnt so cuddly with israel . im referring HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER Wo n't have it until tomorrow for PS4 , but I know some people got it on Saturday :( "
positive	Tomorrow is my day off . Tomorrow I am going to Dunkin ' Doughnuts .
neutral	#KBoom Kris Bryant ties the game 1-1 on a opposite field homer his 17th
positive	Cate Blanchett is excellent in the movie ' Carol ' . Great @USER piece in sunday styles . She pulls it off perfectly .
neutral	Did you know that ' Hulk Hogan ' was Trending Topic on Friday 24 for 23 hours in Portland ? HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	Trivial but true - the 1st really successful communist communities were in Israel - kibbutz . Important part of the Left Zionist movement !
neutral	when I go to the Foo Fighters concert in October in Atlanta I 'm gonna be so sad if do n't get to meet Dave Grohl somehow
negative	Beat Manus in Dark Souls today . It may have taken me 3 hours but we did it . Fuck that guy .
negative	Brock Lesnar .. Attacking me on Monday Night Raw was indeed the biggest mistake you 've ever made .. Listen here son . This is not The Deadman -
neutral	@USER @USER @USER Chuck Norris already has the answers of Monday Night Talking
neutral	My professor just made a Chuck Norris joke am I in 8th grade or college I forgot
negative	" @USER trying to book for Thursday , says twilight tickets available but can't click on it and nobody ever answers the phone ! "
positive	" Kim Kardashian Is A Big Star Wars Nerd ? : Even Kim Kardashian is getting into the Star Wars spirit . On Friday , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Donald Trump : Israel may not want peace with Palestinians . HTTPURL
negative	Also just now starting Miss USA so nobody text me about top 5 who wins etc Bc I may kill u
negative	Tony Blair to swot up on lying through his teeth until next Friday - the swivel eyed redneck HTTPURL
neutral	Wouldnt 1D have posted a facebook statement first like what they did with Zayn ? This is big news and it 's just being reported by The Sun
neutral	Getting you into that thursday / almost friday mood ... Np : Strawberry Swing - Frank Ocean #StrictlySoul with @USER
negative	" In 4th Form our English teacher made us study Kane and Abel by Jeffrey Archer . Scarred for life . From the shitty writing , not the sex scenes "
negative	I honestly do n't understand twilight at all this is the 3rd one I 'm watching now
neutral	" - change his mind . Since he was a Sensory Type , Naruto felt a presence approach towards his office , he immediately sat up straight and - - "
negative	Josh Hamilton comes up as a pinch-hitter for Texas in the 7th and gets booed and then booed and then booed some more .
positive	" @USER Edward , idk if it 'll turn into a movie though , it was for the 10th twilight anniversary , it 's so so good xx "
neutral	WTF ! ! ! Frank Ocean 's album has been out since June 30th and I 'm just finding out ! ! ! How ? ? ?
neutral	If you 're not planning to watch Sharknado 3 tomorrow then idk what you 're doing with your life tbh
neutral	IT 's and i Return from Milan now page tomorrow restart at 8 am with the resul o all sunday and this night
neutral	Carly Fiorina on the 2nd Amendment HTTPURL Atta Girl . Hildogs worst nightmare
positive	" @USER I do believe next Tuesday may be my first night in the seat ! I 'm looking forward to getting stuck in ! Thanks Niall , much appreciated "
positive	Watching David Price against the Rangers . 2-2 in the 5th . Does n't get much better than this . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER dont know . but sleeping at 11pm or may be 2am and then wake up for fajr means that guy must have internal attachment with Islam
positive	@USER Have you seen #thefilmTruth Outstanding performances . Cate Blanchett may win AA for her very strong performance .
neutral	. for one she really has n't discussed her position . She praised Muslims a few days after Sept 11th . @USER @USER
neutral	Writing 's on the Wall by Sam smith will be the Spectre James bond theme coming out September 25th .
neutral	" A look at the intense rivalry between The Undertaker and Brock Lesnar : Raw , | HTTPURL HTTPURL via @USER "
positive	" @USER U2 , Rose . We 'll talk tomorrow & will whip #AutoCAD Plotting into shape . It 's a joy : To know a CAD program well is to love it . ;) "
negative	" WASHINGTON , Mainstream LYING Media , United Nations , Vatican & Israel are the TRUE TERRORISTS .. YOUR ENEMIES ! ! HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER Benzema is Football Elite Real Madrid where you 're a starter to 3rd place AFC who have n't won league in 10 years
neutral	" @USER I know , James . It 's just the effusive " " best brand / gear " " language may not set well with Big Brother . "
positive	@USER Jays have scored 4 in the 10th . Thanks for the mammaries Red Sox . This game is over #Trevsniptweets
positive	Good morning :) George Harrison - Here comes the sun HTTPURL via @USER
positive	" Holy shit holy shit holy shit , it 's Star Wars day ! ! ITS FINALLY HERE ! ! ! May the Force be with you all ! #TheForceAwakens "
neutral	Bruh what if they made a new Friday with Ice Cube Son and DC Young Fly as smokey
neutral	Heard another story of a guy buying Twilight Struggle for his 1st game because it 's top of BGG . 1 reason Pandemic Legacy should supplant it .
neutral	" Probably gon be able to walk in the store and get dem Gucci Foams tomorrow , looks like they 'll have a lot of pairs ... "
negative	IS leader threatens to attack Israel 7 months after he threatened Saudi Arabia . Israel must be hurt to come 2nd only HTTPURL
positive	@USER how about the sc state fair on October 16th and you perform with Shawn . That would be a dream come true tbh
negative	Bad Blood is not a music video it looks like a Pepsi super bowl commercial . It 's 5 minutes of cameos to a song with 6th grade lyrics
positive	david price is a blue jay and the blue jays are in a playoff spot in august . im extremely happy with the way things are right now
neutral	" @USER ~ noooo ! Just like Shawn said " " be yourself " " If you only showed that side it may be too much but you balance it out with other vids "
negative	" Am contemplating watching Ant-Man , should I see it , or wait for the shorter , although more irritating Dec-Man ? "
neutral	Kylie Jenner Kicks Off 18th Birthday Celebration with Family Dinner - - Including Kris and Caitlyn Jenner ! : Cai ... HTTPURL
positive	" No matter rain or shine our Warehouse Manager , Curtis , is always willing to unload donations . Today it was Sun ... HTTPURL "
positive	ooooo I almost forgot Star Wars day is tomorrow
negative	Kendrick Lamar better be giving some shit away tomorrow at the Compton Christmas parade at least a Tams gift card
neutral	" @USER I am so very sorry for your loss . May God bless you and your family at this difficult time . RIP Frank Gifford , "
positive	" Bloodborne has the greatest gameplay experience out of all the Miyazaki games I 've played . Dark Souls is my favorite , with BB ranking 2nd . "
neutral	I raised this with George Osborne on Tues . Tory U-turn on manifesto pledge on social care will cost savings & homes . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Miley may act and be the way she is but she is a good person . Nicki is the one looking for fights anywhere . Embarrassing ...
negative	@USER yep . I had a church staffer tell me last night that he outright avoids Muslims for fear he may have to shoot them ...
negative	Kendrick Lamar KILLED J.Cole in the Black Friday Aswr .
neutral	" Paul Dunne cards final round 78 to go from leading #TheOpen to finishing as 4th best amateur . Still , at least it did n't cost him anything . "
positive	" @USER Kendrick we love you in Arkansas.Hope you success where ever you life may go . I hope it leads back toAr . But if not , u go get It "
neutral	i may even live tweet parts of it just remember that i literally know pretty much nothing about naruto at all except ninjas
neutral	" I may be the in the minority here but I do n't ' get ' all the hype over Rooney Mara . She 's fine , but like ... Cate Blanchett ! ! "
neutral	" @USER I have my PS4 coming as well , black ops 3 comp is going to be on PS4 so I may switch . Just depends . "
neutral	Norris was acquired from Toronto in the David Price deal . HTTPURL
positive	Singing Frank Ocean at the top of my lungs while walking down 3rd st . Good morning .
negative	" Twins lose to David Price for 4th time this season ( he has a 1.16 ERA vs . Twins ) , fall into tie with Blue Jays for playoff spot w / 5-1 loss . "
neutral	" I bet you on Friday , Calibraska is going to be trending "
positive	Kendrick Lamar ... Black Friday ... raw he went in @USER
positive	Tonight - Jason Aldean . Tomorrow - Party all day . I can dig it .
positive	" @USER @USER Awesome Foo Fighters gig Saturday at MK , he still rocks sat on his throne but yes i would 've liked him to be 100 % "
neutral	Star Wars Day :D Shame I can't see it until Saturday rathe than today though :(
negative	@USER @USER then this shit better fucking end tonight Briana and I do n't want to hear anything from you tomorrow or ever
positive	" Your girl is going to see Justin Bieber in March ! ! This by far is the best Christmas gift ever , thank you @USER HTTPURL "
neutral	Now the war may starts for politicle credit . Justice to Mumbai victims but eyes on BMC elections . Whoose Govt Hang Yakub is a main course .
positive	Bad Blood by Kendrick Lamar and Taylor Swift may be my guilty pleasure of the year . I wish more mainstream pop was like this .
neutral	Would n't say shes in the elite or top singers in KPOP now but goes to show how big 1st impressions or one bad moment in negative light lasts
neutral	" FRI at 10p ET on HTTPURL it 's THE SCORPION'S LAIR w / Jay Scorpion . NEW music from Iron Maiden , ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Sunday , July 19 is National Ice Cream Day . Let 's all celebrate with a delicious ice cream cone , a smoothie , or ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I would neither describe Curtis as a student of football nor the sharpest knife in the drawer . But he 's Swansea through and through #c'mon
positive	" Wow , you really know a lot about that movie Thor , Claire ! HTTPURL "
negative	" Tony Blair to speak to Jerusalem FPA tomorrow ( Friday ) . Now that he is no longer Quartet rep , will he speak his mind on the Conflict ? "
negative	@USER naww U2 may not be the best band for you then
neutral	" @USER Was at the Zac Brown Band concert in Philly on Saturday . Saw a lot of " " jailbait " " and immediately thought of you . It was weird . "
positive	" Wondering exactly how crowded Ghirardelli 's is going to be today , being National Ice Cream Day and all . Over 4th of July w / e it was a zoo . "
negative	" Why can't people just accept that Louis got Briana pregnant , end of story , move on HTTPURL "
positive	Ant-Man was even better the 2nd time
positive	Twilight spent in hottub with my beloved . No vampires or lycanthropy in sight which was sad . But he kissed me better as we watched sun sink
negative	March 15 : media frenzy over the Ziam kiss March 25 : Zayn quits one direction . Y'ALL REALLY GONNA SAY THIS ISNT WEIRD ?
neutral	Why has n't the @USER taken up arms to defend a gay marriage advocate [ HTTPURL ] being discriminated ! ? HTTPURL
negative	@USER on Saturday our new dudebro neighbours had a party and kept us up by having an angry loud fight on the deck about caitlyn Jenner
neutral	' Scott Walker ' appeared on Sunday 30 at the 9th place in the Top 20 of Montreal 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	So it 's looking like Floyd Mayweather 's last fight will be September 12th . I still think he fights again after that.Too much cash . #boxing
positive	I can't wait for Ed Sheeran tonight omg like I knew about him before he was famous and went to his free concert when I was in 9th grade
neutral	" Juat an FYI , the " " not afraid " " picture is from the Charlie Hebdo attack in January . None the less , #Pray4Paris "
neutral	Personal opinion : Tom Brady is going to CUM all over the Steelers tomorrow ! The motivation he must have after not being suspended ... Yikes !
positive	" HAPPY 1st BIRTHDAY kids ... Inter Milan , Jordan , Kimkumkum , Lionel Messi and Milan . Thank you for your love kids HTTPURL "
neutral	#Update | Liam and Niall teased the crowd in Ottawa about One Direction 's 5th album ! 9.8 . 15 HTTPURL
positive	" I 'm only excited for the VMAs because Zayn may go , if he does n't I 'll cry "
neutral	Hey friends ! I have two extra tickets to the Foo Fighters concert at the Gorge this Saturday ! Dm me for info !
positive	@USER I am Hoping this spring ... maybe we could go see NJ at Frontier Festival in Milan ... April 24 . We would rock it . Xxx
neutral	" Sam Smith on twitter talking about the end of his tour . He better be in Raleigh , come October 6 . "
neutral	#MissUSA I wonder if someone from 1st Take is going to invite miss USA to the show
neutral	" When Rahul Gandhi accuses you of heading Suit-boot ki sarkaar , he may not be wrong Sir @USER . What have you done for Bundelkhand & UP ? "
positive	Well done Paul Dunne ! ! Played a great round of golf today . Could he actually win #TheOpen2015 tomorrow ? ? ?
positive	Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar might be the best I 've ever heard ...
positive	" Do n't let sensitive teeth keep you from enjoying National Ice Cream Day - Sunday , July 19 ! Learn more here .. HTTPURL "
positive	@USER Blue Jays beat Red Sox with a huge rally in the second half of the game back in June . That 's the best one I remember .
negative	" Louis knocked Briana up in February " " they did n't meet til may " " " " it 's not his kid " " " " it IS his kid " " me : HTTPURL "
positive	" last saturday before school starts and I 'm gonna spend it in bed with Netflix , dunkin and midol :) ) ) "
neutral	" [ THENET ] Sunday Oliseh launches vlog on Super Eagles updates : Chief coach of the Super Eagles of Nigeria , Sund ... HTTPURL "
negative	i 'd like to know why I have the 1st album by janet Jackson and the 1st record by roxette ... shameful really
neutral	Texas #Rangers Josh Hamilton tied the ballgame in the 1st with a three-run home run . #MLB
positive	" Twilight sail this Friday . Departing 5.30 pm . Bring some beers , wine . bubbles and some nibbles if you wish . Book early ! "
positive	I 'd like to thank the whole of Twitter for reminding me that Paper Towns is out tomorrow - . -
neutral	@USER breaks with absurdly angled service ret in 1st game of 3rd . Murray 's mountain just got higher
positive	That was absolutely the most amazing episode of Monday Night #RAW #MINNEAPOLIS ALL HAIL BROCK LESNAR ! ! ! #BrockHomecoming
positive	Best of luck to Paul Dunne this afternoon . He has already been brilliant and made us proud . May he play a great ... HTTPURL
neutral	Happy Sharknado 3 eve . May the plot be thin and the cameos ridiculous .
positive	" yeah i love Nicki and yeah Miley may have said something but Miley has a point , journalists always manipulate what is said , Nicki just "
neutral	@USER inaccurate reporting on Watchman . Its the 1st book HL wrote after many revisions by request of publisher came To kill A mockingbird !
neutral	This helps the stadium show but does n't help Holm who now has less time to prepare for Rousey . HTTPURL
neutral	" The winner of the Ed Sheeran lookalike competition sponsored by " " Balls of Fire " " is ... HTTPURL "
positive	frank ocean 's verse on Sunday is just perfection
neutral	" Bono becomes world 's richest pop star : London , Aug 31 : U2 ' s Bono has become the world 's richest pop star afte ... HTTPURL "
neutral	White Sox could further explore Robertson trade in offseason HTTPURL via @USER They can't get to the 9th to use him .
neutral	How to watch Federer and Murray on Monday at the 2015 US Open : Roger Federer will look to punch his ticket to ... HTTPURL
positive	Janet Jackson cream you know it unbreakable Janet Jackson Minneapolis live November first target center Minneapolis HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Obama even changed the Oath of Allegiance in July to accommodate Muslims
neutral	" @USER Watchman was the 1st draft of Mockingbird , which was then changed beyond recognition . @USER "
positive	@USER and @USER like Israel as a good place to do business . #Israel ranks as the 25th best place . Proud #IoT HTTPURL
neutral	President Muhammadu Buhari has given a definite date for the end of the Boko Haram insurgency : latest by December ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Why does everyone make such a big deal out of Randy Orton 's lineage , when there are MANY 2nd generation wrestlers ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Seth Rollins talks & talks every Monday on RAW for about 45 minutes
neutral	@USER Today is not the death day of APJ Abdul Kalam 's . He passed away on 27th . today is his janaja . its only Yakub 's death day today .
positive	you may not like them together but admit it camila and shawn sounds amazing together
neutral	Why on Eid Military Officers looked like National Leaders ? Where were the politicians ? HTTPURL
neutral	" 2015 #TheOpen : Paul Dunne ( A ) co-leader with - 12 , Hile 17 in R3 on July 19 at The Old Course in St Andrews , Scotland , Play in progress "
negative	I hope the Steelers CRUSH Tom Brady on Thursday . Damn cheater .
neutral	Yet Ira 's mom is like 5ft and he 's 6 ' 2 lol okk HTTPURL
neutral	" UN Security Council to meet Friday on Turkish troops in Iraq : 11 letter to the 15 - member Security Council , Ira ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Why Troy Tulowitzki and David Price may not be the Blue Jays ' biggest assets - The Guardian ( blog ) HTTPURL
positive	Cate Blanchett rocked these stunning gold statement drop earrings at the 5th AACTA Awards ! redcarpet HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER It 's possible that , to find ice cream sammich nirvana , you may have to go a little more upscale than a gas station . "
neutral	Where is Frank Ocean and his new album June is so long gone he playing
neutral	@USER @USER tell DP It Rousey 's first fight with Correia but she 's going to fight Meisha Tate for a 3rd time next .
negative	" So whats good Miley ? @USER ... lol Nicki with that fuck shit , we may as well make a song about it . Hit me up . I ghost write like Quentin "
neutral	" How many radio shows give you Petula Clark , U2 , Ultravox and Abba in the same two hours and they 're all linked ? Wednesday from 6.30 pm ! "
neutral	Anyone wanna give me a ride to the Jason Aldean concert Friday ?
negative	" Not the best start to the 2nd set from Murray , but our print editor is more focused on the fact that apparently both players " " look scruffy " " "
positive	I 'm going to see Sam smith tomorrow . I do n't think I ever thought this was going to happen but it is . He 's my everything my idol . OMFG
neutral	Everybody wanna be Christians on Sundays but what about Monday-Saturday ?
positive	" @USER @USER @USER He 's in Sharknado man , we may as well get him to swim the ball back to me ! Well played Hoff "
positive	" Wow , I feel so good for Paul Dunne ! Hope he can keep it going tomorrow "
positive	He also screwed John Cena out of the title with a chair shot ! @USER HTTPURL
positive	Kpop is the 2nd best thing to have ever happened to me .
positive	Come on @USER ! ! Tempted to make my way across to Flushing Meadows on Wednesday if Murray comes back to win here ! #USOpen
positive	I can't wait to sing my heart out to Justin Bieber tomorrow the whole way to Belfast in Ka 's car
neutral	Paul Dunne tees off in the final group tomorrow at 2:30 pm while Padraig Harrington is off at 2:10 pm ... HTTPURL
positive	Ca n't wait to go see Jason Aldean this Saturday at the Rose Bowl ! Let me now if you 're gonna be there to pregame ! #JasonAldean #KennyChesney
positive	Paper Towns is one of my favorite books and tomorrow I 'm going to the movie with one of my favorite people . @USER
positive	I may not be a huge U2 fan but Bono 's mullet in the 80s was superb !
neutral	" Super Eagles ' Head Coach , Sunday Oliseh has made some adjustments to the group of home - based professionals as ... HTTPURL "
positive	I probs say this every Tuesday but Paper Towns is the best film I 've actually seen and it just makes me love life
negative	And then there are those who made a case for Yakub 's innocence or his possible reform if he was n't hanged . HTTPURL
neutral	Walker : Iran deal like leaving sons unattended with girls : Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker on Wednesday compared t ... HTTPURL
positive	" I want to see Jason Aldean tomorrow night , thanks for noticing that @USER "
negative	" . @USER If this 's true , resignation will be in order . They may eliminate her in Borno and say it 's Boko Haram HTTPURL "
negative	" And the war will result from Islam , sad but true , Islam is no religion of peace , may b # religion of pieces of shit "
neutral	" Thor just giving me my 16th heart attack of the night . It 's okay , just some candy corn lodged in my valves this time . #LGM "
neutral	" Should 've went to watch Paper Towns first , I 'll just go see it tomorrow "
positive	" Please God , let Seth Rollins return to the black pants tomorrow night on Raw . Amen . #wwe #SummerSlam #SethRollins "
negative	Picture says it all . Britain i stuffed - literally with Muslims . British pll will become 2nd class citizens . HTTPURL
neutral	John Kasich is the one Republican many Democrats could embrace . The Anti-Hilary choice HTTPURL
neutral	" Bryant 's huge homer ties Cubs ' rookie marks : Kris Bryant 's 23rd home run of the year , an 0-2 pitch off D-backs ... HTTPURL "
negative	#StarWars #TheForceAwakens is opening at 500 less cinemas in the US than the 3rd Twilight movie - What ? ?
negative	this girl who literally bullied me since 7th grade bc i liked kpop is now into it too Man zfFuck u
neutral	" @USER There will be a proclamation of the date of Eid al-Adha in the next 2 weeks . 23 Sep is a best guess , but it could be 24 Sep "
negative	" Well done Chris Evans , I did not think it was possible to make TFI Friday any more shit than it used to be , but you have proved me wrong "
positive	" srsly tho , there has never ever been a pic in Kpop that made same impact on me - 1st time seeing it - as this cover HTTPURL "
neutral	Black Ops III Beta looked a lot better on PS4 than on Xbox One . I hope that is n't the case come November .
neutral	@USER Hi - do you know when doors open / acts start at Foo Fighters gig at MK Bowl tomorrow ( Saturday ) ?
neutral	David Wright will start for the New York Mets on Monday HTTPURL @USER
neutral	Camera closes in on Murray in his chair after losing 2nd set and he 's dropping F bombs like they 're going out of fashion . Brilliant . #USOpen
positive	" 6 months ago my mom did n't know who Ed Sheeran was . But she has backstage passes to his show in Dallas tomorrow , so there 's that . "
neutral	Glad he got to see his family ; Iran should be ashamed for unjustly imprisoning one of its citizens for this long . HTTPURL
positive	" If you love me , you 'll tell Frank Ocean to drop his album by September 14th . Thanks . "
neutral	" To all the baby boomers complaining about Kanye West , may I remind you of Jim Morrison ? "
neutral	The Twilight 10th Anniversary edition causes major hand cramp & Elbow pain . I might need to have a second book on the go as well .
neutral	@USER the sun said they were going to end up the group and Niall cleared the rumors saying they 'll stay together
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER next year , Craven will have the Zac Brown Band on Friday after years of requesting them ! "
neutral	" @USER tie it to gay marriage , meatless Friday 's and the removal of certain cereals from SDH "
neutral	The sound of Sunday with Katy Perry - Roar HTTPURL #webradio #internetradio
neutral	Did you know that ' David Wright ' was Trending Topic on Monday 24 for 4 hours in Miami ? HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	" in them to do it . Amy Schumer in EW , October @USER is a fucking rock star & I love her & Jesus F'ing Christ we need more like this "
negative	kingpin Saudi Arabia posted a record $ 98 billion budget deficit in 2015 due to the sharp fall in oil prices finance ministry said on Monday
positive	Tomorrow is the big day ! ! Happy National Ice Cream Day ! #icecreamday HTTPURL
negative	" Hulk Hogan , you may not know this because you do n't say it a lot , but you can replace the n-word with the word , " " brother " " and you 're fine . "
positive	" Good news for #Patriots fans : Tom Brady owns the Steelers , his opponent tomorrow night HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	Is anyone else reading that Zayn may be performing at the VMAs with The Weeknd ? I 'm not emotionally ready for that .
neutral	Mantova-Milan : The Rossoneri squad : Here is the squad of Milan . AC Milan face Mantova F . C . on Thursday evening ... HTTPURL
positive	" . @USER <- arguably one of Frank Gifford 's biggest fans , your love for him was legendary ... may he RIP "
neutral	" Please Welcome to the Stage Sam Elliott , Doing Your Friend Becky 's ' Bad Blood ' HTTPURL "
neutral	The secret of the Dark Souls dev : ' keeping game creation fresh ' : There may be no more Dark Souls games after t ... HTTPURL
neutral	Steelers gonna get waxed on Thursday without LeVeon Bell and Tom Brady back for the Patriots .
neutral	@USER can David Wright make some spot starts ? Pitch the 7th inning ?
neutral	Paul McCartney to play the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit on October 21 HTTPURL
neutral	" Okay , I 've just found an undead enemy in Dark Souls just sat there , on the edge of a cliff , minding his own business . That 's deep . "
neutral	Our First FREE Yoga class at ElleWell is this Tuesday at 7:15 pm with the lovely Julie Reynolds . Register online ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Charlie Hebdo anyone , anyone , anyone ? - - oh , we believe in the 1st amendment--lucky Salon . HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Hi , this matter should be resolved but it may take time for the water supply to reach the whole network . Thanks , Niall . "
positive	@USER Nah . Nothing wrong with it . Enjoyed the hell out of it on the PS4 ' s beta . Keep up the great work . See ya November 6th :D
negative	@USER Remember the British ? Sun never sets . Now it 's a soggy island getting overrun by Muslims .
neutral	Buhari took the right decision by telling the military to end the Boko Haram insurgency by November-OBJ @USER @USER @USER
negative	" In Israel , the violence may seem endless , but the hope never fades HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" Christians , Muslims , and Hebrews alike unite , and may the teachings of God solidify the cause of a worldwide government body and its courts . "
neutral	First home game tomorrow @USER 7 against Eastern be there or you 're gay and if you 're gay you can still come too I guess
positive	" Good morning ! ! Today 's my 6th day of work in a row and I should be super tired , but no ! Because it 's Star Wars day ! ! Less than 16 hours ! ! "
positive	@USER I use an app called Twilight to automatically dim my screens and tint them red after the sun sets ; it helps a lot .
negative	" Yakub will be hanged on July 30 anyway ! So Why tweet in his support now ? Nothing to do with his movie running in theatres . Eh , Bhaijaan ? "
negative	" Thinking of Paris , thinking of everyone in France tonight . Charlie Hebdo in January and now this . This is unacceptable . "
positive	J Cole an Kendrick . L drop their heat on February 16 the same day of my birthday HINTHINT COUGHCOUGH that 'll be a good b day present .
negative	" If Yakub hangs , it would prove Tiger Memon right . Pakistan 's ISI will have the last laugh . HTTPURL "
neutral	Today or Tomorrow night work have to been done by midnight . No shame or sharing with twilight your future will be bright .
positive	@USER knows how to wring my nerves ! Talk about tension and it 's only the 1st set :-) Brilliant stuff . Behind you all the way Murray !
neutral	" Oliseh Drops Mikel Obi , Victor Moses From Africa Cup Of Nations Qualifier : Head coach of the Super Eagles , Sun ... HTTPURL "
neutral	And while no one may keep track of my accounts . David Bowie is an extremely relevant figure in the stories I have been told .
neutral	" New Delhi , July 26 ( ANI ): Senior lawyer K . T . S . Tulsi on Sunday said that the government should reconsider Yakub ... HTTPURL "
positive	Kind of equally excited at staying in watching The Soup finale tonight as I am for going out to see Amy Schumer tomorrow . Well ... kind of
neutral	Papi 4th Sox with 200 HRs at Fenway : Red Sox slugger David Ortiz hit career home run No . 497 in the first inni ... HTTPURL
positive	Janet jackson is back ( and she brought some extra saggy pampers pants with her ) HTTPURL
negative	@USER Still waiting for the replacement MOTO G to reach me . So much grief ! One week after the 1st product crashes still waiting .
negative	National hot dog day is on Thursday and I am sad because me and @USER wo n't be able to celebrate together at Sonic . :(
neutral	Josh Hamilton with a 3 run Homer in yne 1st inning . 3-0 Rangers #ESPNDallasDNRangers #ALCS
neutral	" * sunrise * Rahul Gandhi : Can you see sunlight ? Students : Yesss ! Rahul Gandhi : May be you can see it , i do n't , i am inside the hall . "
negative	" Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter : When you are involved in a motor vehicle accident , you suffer ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Cmon @USER ... Chilis all the way obv ... isnt @USER ' s TEN Your go-to ? ? ? Nirvana ? ? ? ... neverminddd HTTPURL
neutral	@USER sorry 4 delay - at work . Stunned me when 1st earned this . Still does . 4 all out similarities - its the norm here-except Islam !
negative	" L / V / / A is doing RENT in november ? ? ? fuck my gay ass , i have to go back to that hell school again to see it aaaa "
neutral	" @USER You really want to go there ? He had a gr8 Milan team from 03 to 06 . He finished 1st , 2nd and 2nd to a team that was relegated 4 .. "
neutral	hey I 'm gonna see Ed Sheeran next Wednesday so it 's not all that bad
negative	ESPN has their nose squarely up the Nation of Islam 's ass . HTTPURL #espnsucks #espnblockedatourhouse Veteran 's kudos to Curt .
negative	They may have ditched Hulk Hogan but the WWE still stink : HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	" @USER went to Gateshead branch last night to watch Paper Towns at 8: 40pm , sat on a seat which was soaked with a liquid which "
positive	You kinda look the same Kendrick look a little different lol HTTPURL
neutral	" Kanye West , did you say this was your " " I want people to LIKE me " " speech ? You may need to work on that . Let 's start with definition of " " like " " . "
positive	" [ HTTPURL ] Mets ' David Wright on stretch run : ' I 'm going to enjoy this ' ( Mon , 7 Sep 2015 HTTPURL "
negative	" this guy is devil himself but always calling Muslims " " Devil " " , may Allah make him blind may Allah destroy him . As if 24/7 he does n't sleep "
neutral	" Coming Wednesday : Scott Walker says " " everyone living in poverty " " in WI is covered by #Medicaid , even though he refused #Obamacare money . "
neutral	" If any US Citizen defends their 1st , 4th , & any Constitutional rights , prepare for premeditated retaliation from BIG BROTHER , & he 's watching "
neutral	" Israel : Photo , New 200 Shekel banknote enters circulation tomorrow , the bills will be available at commercial banks HTTPURL "
neutral	David Wright and his best friend both ground out in the 9th
negative	" No , Ms . Merkel , Central Europe does n't want Muslims and you 're not going to force them onto us . #Germany #Hungary HTTPURL "
neutral	Paul McCartney continues his tour with our LED Video Screens in Chicago tomorrow night #LED #Video #Screens #Tour HTTPURL
negative	Yakub to be hanged at 7am tomorrow . Yakub 's birthday will be his death day
neutral	Golam Globus-OK-here 's the deal : I may not like this movie . Except it has Chuck Norris in it . :-) )
positive	Won two tickets to the White Sox game at a raffle . . . 2nd place was four tickets . HTTPURL
negative	" @USER @USER youre in denial jfc . the babys born in February right , watch briana get a " " miscarriage " " or some shit . "
positive	Who 's going to Jason Aldean Thursday ! I got tickets and wanna party it up !
positive	Al Michaels said he never saw Frank Gifford lose his cool in 12 yrs working alongside him . Poised amid TV madness HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Do you think Brock Lesnar will beat Undertaker at Summer Slam on Sunday
neutral	" White Sox lead the Mariners 4-0 at the end of the 6th . Pitching : SEA R Elias , CHW C Rodon ( ESPN ) HTTPURL "
positive	@USER I 'm buying it tomorrow ! Along with the new Iron Maiden ! ! ! #GotYourSix #TheBookOfSouls
negative	I was freaking out about being late to work and then I saw a guy spill an entire extra large Dunkin iced coffee all over himself #Monday
neutral	Ed Sheeran is gonna be here tomorrow and I 'm not going and that makes me really sad .
positive	" If anyone saw the UFC 190 fight on Saturday , thenyou know Rousey was amazing ! ! ! #UFC190 #RondaRousey "
neutral	5-5 in the 4th set between Murray & Anderson This one 's over the 4hr mark HTTPURL #USOpen #bbctennis HTTPURL
positive	@USER Hi :) Thank you so much . Happy Friday to U2 :)
neutral	" Disney Infinity 3.0 Star Wars In stock on PS3 , PS4 , Xbox 360 and Xbox one with Wii u arriving tomorrow and all ... HTTPURL "
negative	" Drudge Update : Crisis adds to anxiety about Islam ... - Crisis adds to anxiety about Islam ... ( Third column , 4th st ... HTTPURL "
negative	@USER #kimdavis because if we do not take against against the persecution of Christians now ; we may never have another chance .
neutral	@USER @USER ok ... First thing first .. U gotta know the statement was n't made by Zayn but management and the sun
positive	While I was 1/2 asleep I could hear Ice Cube and Mike Epps and I got happy cuz I thought Next Friday was on but its All about tbe Benjamins
neutral	" Those of you that diss all anime for how Naruto fans were like in the 7th grade , you might want to reevaluate the whovian fandom just sayin . "
positive	WGNTV : Cubs win on Kris Bryant walk-off ! Beat Indians 2-1 on a homer in the 9th . What a ballgame . #WGNCubs HTTPURL
neutral	" 2nd Round : Guess the song He treats you so bad and I 'm so good to you , It 's not fair ! First to 5 points gets the DM with Niall ! ! "
positive	" @USER Hi , we have decided to move all efforts to upgrade Moto G with 4G LTE ( 1st Gen ) directly from KitKat to Lollipop 5.1 . Thanks . "
negative	@USER I know for sure that Briana 's baby is NOT Louis ' ! He may have had sex with her but she did also with someone else sooo .. m
neutral	Who is the better 3rd basemen in the league ? RETWEET for David Wright FAV for Nolan Arenado #Mets #Rockies HTTPURL
neutral	Dustin Johnson about to be off the wagon after another Sunday in a major .
positive	Pub trivia and the $ 100 bar tab who am I question comes along . Oi . I get it after the 2nd clue . The answer was Kendrick Lamar #winning
positive	Sharknado triple feature tonight ... Lavalantula with Police Academy star on Saturday ! ! ! Scyfy channel is on fire !
positive	@USER go kim go kim go merry christmas kim kardashian may your god be with you with love peace happiness
neutral	" Tomorrow I 'll be reunited with my PS4 , how sad am I ? "
positive	" Let us pray for Christians who are victims of persecution , so that they may know how to respond to evil with good . Pope Francis "
positive	We are partnering up with lyft this Sunday for National Ice Cream Day . Check out there Facebook page for details . HTTPURL
neutral	" So I find out that today , July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day and I 've almost wasted the whole day with my ignorance . Smh "
positive	" Lady Gaga is clearly delighted at the gift of a grey horse , delivered on Monday to her ... HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	someone come see Jason Aldean with me Saturday ? ? ?
negative	Did anyone tell Dustin Johnson that winning requires a lead on the 4th day and not just the 1st day ?
neutral	" Since Midnight Memories , I knew that Zayn will be the 1st to left , I watched almost all of their performance & Zayn is not that into them . "
positive	" @USER please make the fans from Rome as happy as you made us , fans from Milan , the 9th of May #5SOSComeToRome "
positive	We are so excited to announce our Adult Fitness Program for the 2015-2016 Season ! Join us for Yoga on Monday ... HTTPURL
neutral	Second suggestion for the GOP Debate : Give John Kasich 5 minutes of uninterrupted time to explain why he 's 10th out of these 10 dudes .
positive	" / / So , I thought Ant-Man was out of the question for the cinema Saturday but my boyfriend said the films he 's seen are ' awesome ' and that - "
neutral	White Sox up in the 6th since when ? ? ?
neutral	" #KatyPerry #Fashion One of the Boys by Katy Perry ( Memory Card , Nov - 2008 , Aaom ) HTTPURL #Bestseller #Buy "
negative	" It 's Sunday , Miss USA is on and all y'all want to tweet about are dicks . "
positive	Super round from Paul Dunne ! Exciting day ahead tomorrow ! #TheOpen
neutral	I wasnt on today bc its my last day of summer & I was with friends but I have school tomorrow which sucks BUT SHAWN IS SO CUTE THE VINES OMG
positive	" It 's been 5 years of one direction , Glozell is gonna be a mom , Calibraska comes out tomorrow ... What a good day "
negative	Scott Walker is going to Dreamland tomorrow which is reason enough not to vote for him .
neutral	" I think i may work on buying complete manga , like Fullmetal Alchemist or Naruto , I 'm just not sure yet "
neutral	" Kim Kardashian , Kanye West - - When It Comes To Ugly Xmas Sweaters ... Kanye Is King : Kim Kardashian may be the ... HTTPURL "
positive	So the #usa is awesome because all #Republicans are having gay marriages tomorrow ! #freedomofspeech
negative	" George Osborne , demagogue , the man who gives control of the security of the UK to a foreign power HTTPURL "
positive	Happy birthday to my dearest Big Brother . May continue to bless and protect you . Love you always . HTTPURL
positive	Kanye West may be one of the most influential celebrities of all time man
neutral	" Marca | Real Madrid 's tactic is to wait it out and hope the GK does not renew , which would then mean he becomes a free agent on 30th June . "
positive	Glad you all enjoyed your visit ! And a big ' Neverland ' HAPPY BIRTHDAY to Curtis ! HTTPURL
neutral	Surely Spurs are going to sign a striker before 6pm . Kane is currently the only viable option . Sun may deputise but is unknown
neutral	" W fact : The most spoons balanced on the face is 17 by Aaron Caissie of Canada , in Milan , Italy , on 18 April 2009 . "
neutral	" Kasich wants immigration crackdown , but leaves door open on pathway : Ohio Gov . John Kasich said Wednesday he w ... HTTPURL "
negative	" The day Taylor Swift and Hulk Hogan pay my bills , then I may actually give a fuck but till then . "
positive	Wishing Super Eagles under Sunday Oliseh the best . Looking forward to see Carl Ikeme and Emenike . God bless Nigeria
negative	@USER @USER excuse me ? Cameron does dirty deals with Saudi Arabia may I remind you
positive	" Still can't believe there was a scene in Straight Outta Compton about Ice Cube writing Friday and saying , " " This script is funny ! " " "
positive	i want dunkin tomorrow morning lol
positive	So happy I passed on Jonas Gray and picked up Tom Brady in the 13th round . #blessed
positive	About to 3rd wheel my dad & his gf tonight but it 's so worth it to see kenny Chesney and Jason aldean
neutral	So if Floyd Mayweather wins against Berto & ultimately ends up retiring undefeated he will be the 13th undefeated fighter in #boxing history
positive	Kris Bryant 's sac fly brings home Starlin Castro to make it 4-2 #Cubs in the 9th inning ! #CubsTalk
positive	Did you know that ' Amy Schumer ' was Trending Topic on Monday 30 for 4 hours in United States ? HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	Sunday ( tomorrow ) is National Ice Cream Day and have we got a gift for you ! Join us for an ice cream sundae and ... HTTPURL
negative	" @USER I think it may be ideology , religion free and open speech ( Charlie Hebdo ) and yes bombing in Syria ! ! ! "
neutral	" I saw Ant-Man on Friday night , but peeked in the showing of SOC to see the response . Packed showing with racial mix . HTTPURL "
neutral	2 . ) This is after both Trump and Scott Walker call for 14th ammendment rights to be taken away from the children of immigrants
neutral	' Yakub was innocent man'The scientists who discovered this truth should awarded with Nobel prize -> @USER HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Okay thanks Shawn and I figured it may be a stretch to do it all but never heard mention of it so thought i 'd ask you .
neutral	Oil is the Most Traded Product in the World & Coffee is the 2nd Traded Product . Capital Cities Name Translat as City of Islam is Islamabad .
neutral	I may be an ardent @USER fan but I still respect the heck out of Frank Gifford . He was so pivotal to the @USER ' s growth .
neutral	Is everyone ready for Foo Fighters at Wrigley Field #Saturday ? Get ready . . . #EastLakeview is going to be in ... HTTPURL
neutral	" This may be the tiniest act of defiance , but I just downloaded 2 - Eagles of Death Metal songs on iTunes & I 'd subscribe to Charlie Hebdo too "
neutral	" It sounds weird the thought of someone dancing to ' TIHTY ' on a club but c'mon , not everyone knows what the song is about #MTVStars Lady Gaga "
neutral	@USER beautiful Saturday morning listening to #Hot45sxm while getting ready for Jason Aldean and Kenny Chesney tonight
positive	Going to Dunkin for breakfast w Rhianna was the best choice I could 've made on a Monday morning
neutral	" tomorrow every girl mostly about to have ; something from pink , a 6s , justin bieber tickets and more . bet "
positive	STAR WARS DAY ! May the Force be with anyone resisting the urge to spoiler .
negative	what did you want from these much Muslims while you can kill yourself oh enemy of Muslims ! May Allah destroy you oh Yazidis Christians Jews !
neutral	I just realized today is Sunday y'all Nicki and Kanye were preachin to the choir
negative	" Scott Walker support has also dropped significantly , down 33 % from pre-debate . Now tied for 5th with Huckabee . #tcot #gop "
neutral	" With Daesh 's warning , Israel senses that the relative calm may be ebbing - Jewish Chronicle HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER the only thing you will hear tomorrow is " " all Big Brother 17 contestants have died of food poisoning "
neutral	" Red Sox lead MLB in runs since All-Star break ( 188 ) , ahead of even rampaging Jays ( 184 ) . White Sox , tonight 's opponent , are 4th ( 176 ) . "
neutral	We 'll see if it 's any good : BBC 's New Top Gear With Chris Evans Debuts May 8 HTTPURL
neutral	" i was reading an interview with chris evans and it mentioned when he was young he 'd have " " sunday night meltdowns " " about school . that 's me "
positive	Black Friday by Kendrick is probably the best song I 've ever heard
negative	@USER A response to Bad Blood may make the album ugly .
neutral	" @USER Uhh , PS1 and PS2 but like the 2nd smaller editions and a PS3 250gb . I wanna PS4 but nothing is out that I wanna play yet ~ ^ ^ You ? "
neutral	" Thor , Yamalube / Star Racing Yamaha Agree to Deal : The team will debut with Thor MX November 7 . HTTPURL "
neutral	" #HongKong Golf-Johnson , Rose to light up Hong Kong Open : HONG KONG , July 30 Dustin Johnson will make his Hong ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Two weeks from now we have our annual twilight #farmersmarket @USER - perfect place for all the fresh Chrissy #localfood 3-8 pm , 23 Dec "
neutral	@USER I 'll get to see Rousey with you in Jan !
neutral	Frank Gifford 's family said he died suddenly Sunday morning of natural causes at his Connecticut home HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER C'mon apart from Jews , Muslims and Christians whom their beliefs are a bit similar , the rest are not realistic "
neutral	Saudi Arabia to buy 30 An - 178 planes for its air force HTTPURL That 's a nice chunk of change for #Ukraine They can use it .
neutral	" David Wright 's E5 on throw pulls @USER off 1st , tho he looked out . @USER get 4 unearned runs , lead #Mets 4-1 . "
neutral	Gonna be a long day for Dustin Johnson ... starts the final round of the #PGAChampionship with a quadruple bogey on the 1st hole .
negative	@USER my point was that just your fathers fear of Islam may actually stem from its similarities to Judaism
neutral	Fab & 50 ' s tapes the only shit I been playing lately .. Well add cole and kendrick 's Black Friday too of course
positive	" Paul McCartney played four Beatles songs for the first time ever on the 4th of May . If you could hear Paul play any song , which would it be ? "
neutral	" Just to be clear . If Scott Walker wants to end the 14th Amendment , that will apply to all persons right ? "
positive	Some round from Dustin Johnson considering he started with an 8 on the 1st . Another case of what might 've been for him at Whistling Straits .
neutral	Why is John Kasich there ? Was he the 12th caller ? #GOPDebate
negative	" this boy got some beats , gucci bag , Versace sun glasses and is taking the damn train . . Type of shit is that "
positive	@USER @USER @USER Do n't you just love them to pieces ? ! ? ! Murray is my 3rd . I can only handle one at a time tho . lol
neutral	@USER @USER no its i am getting late friday is just like Eid for true muslims
neutral	Oliseh looking for playmakers in Super Eagles squad : Sunday Oliseh has revealed that he will not invite only p ... HTTPURL
positive	" @USER Hey Shawn , nice seeing you this week bud ! Have a great tomorrow ! "
negative	" Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges , but on the bright side , her new vagina could still be tried as an adolescent . "
neutral	" How 's everyone 's Saturday night ? Do n't lie . Ur laying in your bed with your smartphone up in the air , with Sharknado 3 in the background . "
neutral	To see paul McCartney perform because there 's a chance he may bring Kanye out and miss the weeknd or not ?
negative	Scott Walker may just be an idiot
positive	Thursday is National Hot Dog day ! What would you like on yours ? Give us your ideas !
neutral	TWILIGHT - @USER my hometown . Kura sunset over Papakura across the road from BP gas station . I sneaked a sun shot ... HTTPURL
positive	I 'm listening to Maybe I 'm Amazed for the 1st time in ages & wondering how I ever managed to stop being fanatic about Paul McCartney ? ? ?
neutral	We 're live with the 1st episode of I Hate ( Myself ) Mondays . Each week we play Bloodborne or Dark Souls ... and weep . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER up there with Ice Cube pickin up an ice cube in Friday . Synecdoche New York begs to differ though :/
negative	Stupid view completely one sided . Do you think we enjoyed media bias on Yakub death sentence ? HTTPURL
neutral	" Gay man : I may look white but inside I 'm a big old black lady ! Me : anyway , you 're not funny or cute "
positive	Sunday oliseh ! i was skeptical first when he was announced as the new Super Eagles coach . as at now ? he has my full support !
positive	" Have n't had breakfast yet , but we have already spotted Chuck Norris at the 16th Ave Church #restoringunity #NeverAgainIsNow "
positive	" @USER Happy Friday , Briana ! If I may ask , how does writing a book feel to you ? * mini-research going on * :D HTTPURL "
positive	Ant-Man is one of the funniest Marvel movies we 've watched . Check out our spoiler free review ! HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Can it just be the 27th when finals are done and Thor and I are getting wasted with my family in the hottub
positive	" Whoever The U hires as HC , Curtis at least deserves a coordinator look . Recruited SoFla well when he was there . HTTPURL "
positive	The Nigerian Army on Wednesday released 128 detainees after certifying that they had no link with the Boko Haram terrorists group in Borno .
positive	The Book of Souls sounds like it 's going to be everything we love about Iron Maiden . Ca n't wait for sept 4th ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Blue Jays take the lead , Blue Jays 1 , Red Sox 0 Top 1st HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER of it 's an argument that ends that conversation , as Christians we can't let the sun go down on our anger so we have to try "
neutral	Did you know that ' Justin Bieber ' was Trending Topic on Sunday 27 for 23 hours in Norway ? HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	" DJ INDIE NEWS Katy Perry , Taylor Swift - Taylor Swift may have dissed Katy Perry in her track , " " Bad Blood , " " but it ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Niall 's turning 22 . " " 5th album 's about to drop . " " " " The boys are taking a break . " " " " #1YearSinceFireproof . " " HTTPURL "
neutral	#RedSox Pablo Sandoval was scratched from the Red Sox ' lineup Friday due to mid-back tightness . HTTPURL
positive	Now playing on #UrbanGold : U2 - Sunday Bloody Sunday HTTPURL 80 ' s : Nothing but the best !
neutral	Willett joined by Dustin Johnson in that catching it in your shorts late department . 1st to 18th in no time . Watching another Major go away
positive	but on the bright side IM GOING TO JUSTIN BIEBER IN MARCH
neutral	" Fit Fix : " " It 's Rousey " " Next for Holly Holm , Dana White Says : Holm-Rousey IIThe rematch is set for July 9 , Dana White told the LA Time ... "
neutral	" In June of ' 93 , " " That 's the Way Love Goes " " by Janet Jackson was the # 1 song on the billboard . That same month , Aaron Nola was born #Phillies "
neutral	" @USER @USER At the @USER game on Sat . someone yelled " " Charlie Hebdo . " " Not sure they meant it in a nice way ... "
negative	one may argue yakub has gone thro process . hanging on his birthday is bigger message and scar to paki lovers . dangerous game has just begun
negative	@USER @USER @USER @USER Israel will STOMP you like a June Bug
negative	" Carly Fiorina : now 3rd / 4th place in most IA polling , not going to be allowed into the CNN debate because LOL MAY / JUNE POLLING MATTERS . "
neutral	" Yakub case : Justice Dave refuses to stay the death warrant for July 30 , Justice Kurian says capital punishment will not be executed . - PTI "
positive	I may have started playing the Kim Kardashian game again
positive	Chunky black men are just * eyes emoji * I had the biggest crush on Ice Cube in Friday . Do n't @USER me .
neutral	" 1st we are out and see Tayshaun Prince ; @USER has no idea who he is . 2nd I ask if he knows who Rousey is . " " She that wrestlin bitch ? " " "
positive	I can face college tomorrow as long as I know I 'll always have the comfort of Shawn 's songs .. Even if I 'm alone
neutral	@USER @USER the 5th one is me aka Israel
positive	Royal birthday @USER work . Happy 2nd Prince George from all of us across the pond . @USER Constitution Park Pool HTTPURL
negative	J . Coles verse in Black Friday was kinda disappointing but Kendrick killed it
neutral	Melky Cabrera homers in 7th to tie the game 4-4 . White Sox still batting .
negative	" @USER @USER Supporter of Israel who backed Israels assault on Gaza . Now has the nerve to say " " it may have been too much " " "
negative	@USER Seriously . May as well just watch WWE at this point . At least you know it 's a front . I mean Rousey vs . Holm ? C'mon .
neutral	" @USER bizarre ... Kane breaks a leg in training with England tomorrow , then what ? "
positive	That unforgettable moment when Milan was crowned king of Europe for the 6th time . Sheva vs Buffon . HTTPURL
positive	@USER wellllllll . Big Brother is on at 9 . So I gotta see when DCC is on . I may be watching it Friday on demand . :)
positive	its a Muslim youth . . do n't forget the power of Muslims . . we proud our country . ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Curtis ( bladesboy 2 ) , May I ask you to check my Profile ? Because There 's a Limited Secret to 1500.000 Coins FIFA 16 "
neutral	April just freaked me out bc our local Dunkin is different from half of our friends now even though their dorm is only two blocks away #nyc
neutral	Osho ! ! ! Sunday Oliseh : 70 home based players in Super Eagles ' coach 's plan : According to the Sun news ... HTTPURL #adeslaz
negative	You may not speak to justin bieber unless you are spoken to wtf are you the queen ? the pope ? no did n't think so
neutral	@USER how about you & I go see Janet Jackson in Dallas for her Unbreakable tour Jan . 24 ?
neutral	Goals for tomorrow : - photoshop Owen Good 's polygon picture to make him have Hulk Hogan hair + bandana - laundry
negative	I wish Nicki would have flew across the stage and slapped that hoe ! HTTPURL
neutral	Being a Texas fan may be even more frustrating than being a Red Sox fan . And that says ALOT about Texas
positive	Just two days to go until the publishing event of the decade ! Go Set a Watchman is out on Tuesday and you can ... HTTPURL
negative	" Swear to god if Sam Smith 's singing the new Bond theme , I shall CRY . Why ? Just WHY would you do that ? I may be biased , but er .. LANA ! ? ! "
neutral	Israel is finally going on the offensive . HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	" also can u imagine the think pieces if Nicki were the one w / a video abt having " " Bad Blood " " w / another artist HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER I saw you in Milan , May 9th and it was absolutely incredible "
neutral	" Us Magazine Caitlyn Jenner Hits the Town in Tight Jeans , Minimal Makeup : Photo : HTTPURL #news #May #Omg #NFB "
neutral	" @USER @USER If Congree rule at this time , Yakub may be on street with the help of 40 Ami Chando . "
negative	" @USER @USER Reset the criteria - make it FAIR . Let Carly Fiorina debate on " " Main Stage " " on September 16th #Carly2016 @USER "
positive	Fun Friday Mashup ---> Nelly 's Hot In Here mashed with Bee Gees ' Stayin Alive : HTTPURL
neutral	In Context : Scott Walker and ' birthright citizenship ' - If it 's Tuesday it must be ... HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	" @USER No , Kevin you are wrong . The law protects her as well . ( or it should ) The 1st amendment has been around a lot longer than gay "
neutral	Man Utd : David De Gea 's move to Real Madrid off as paperwork late - HTTPURL thought the deadline was 6pm Tuesday ?
negative	Yeah if Iran take some hostages he 's a lock ... SMH HTTPURL
neutral	Gay teen worried he may be Christian .
positive	See the legendary Paul McCartney LIVE at Air Canada Centre on Oct 17 ! On sale Friday at 11am . #OutThere HTTPURL
neutral	" Christian & Kane are ready on the Boom lounge at the @USER you may even catch the MKR girls around , say hi HTTPURL "
positive	I hope when I have a son he 's as cute as Prince George . Happy 2nd birthday you cutie ! HTTPURL
positive	This Sunday is National Ice Cream Day ! Celebrate it by making some delicious homemade ... HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Is the 20th anniversary PS4 still the coolest special edition console ever ? HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	@USER if I hit 666 by Friday I 'll sign off with Iron Maiden
neutral	Murray HOLDS ! Now Anderson serves again to stay in the 3rd set with @USER 6-5 up but two sets down . HTTPURL
positive	" @USER IKR , gonna be me tomorrow night " " Hi Costco , Naruto ready for work , believe it ! " " "
positive	" Though the films may have faults , the soundtracks to the Twilight movies are perfect for writing . ( Especially for Gothicists ) . #phdchat "
neutral	" David Price joins such names as DeWayne Buice , Pasqual Coco , and Ty Taubenheim with his 1st Jays win . Can he catch Steve Trachsel Saturday ? "
positive	" today while I was signing Thor 's 2nd surgery contract , the TV was playing Supernatural 's Fan Fiction episode . I had to stop signing just to "
neutral	@USER @USER I thought it may have been about John Cena
positive	" Recording a new Fanboy Versus tomorrow with @USER @USER @USER and @USER Talking Fantastic Four , Ant-Man and more ! "
positive	" I may be playing #MGSV on a PS3 , but I 'm 4 hours in and still having a blast . One day I will revisit it on PS4 and truly admire the visuals . "
neutral	@USER If speeds are n't an issue on your PC and laptop it may be an issue with the PS4 - have you tried disconnecting all ...
positive	montamania doing the Hulk Hogan intro before his 2nd round TKO ! Great job last night ... HTTPURL
positive	Remembering Frank Gifford : Your Say : Readers comment on the death of an NFL Hall of Famer and former Monday Ni ... HTTPURL
neutral	" September 3rd 2015 , Frank Ocean 's album still has n't dropped . Every day at 4 o'clock i check if it has come out yet . "
positive	I feel like the new Janet Jackson single is bringing back 90s R & B . HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	2nd look at the end of the botched move between Kevin Owens and John Cena tonight at #wwehampton HTTPURL
neutral	" There 's so much misconception on Islam rn so showing Muslims being a fan , etc may make the citizens not hv any bad thoughts abt Islam "
positive	" I 'm so glad Shawn is going to London , Spain and more countries in Europe since he has much more fans than he had back in February / March "
neutral	" Full results from an action-packed #RAW , in which John Cena really took it to Seth Rollins . HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	Wake up with Sweet Pete TOMORROW from 8AM to 10AM at the Dunkin ' Donuts on Carmichael Street in Essex Junction ... HTTPURL
neutral	Curtis asking me if we wanna go Mexico or Canada over the summer ... WHAT KINDA QUESTION IS THAT C'MON BURRITO CHOLO
neutral	" Prince George reservist who died Saturday just wanted to help people , his father tells @USER HTTPURL "
neutral	Ever since Eid started I 've been eating a gazillion calories per day I should really go back to eating healthy & exercising .. tomorrow maybe ?
negative	We owe it a duty to crush Boko Haram not grant them mercy . At least if not for ourselves but for future terrorists who may rear their heads
neutral	Anyone else going to the Big Brother stuff at central tomorrow
positive	On Tuesday Im going to see Paper Towns with my friend and Im actually so excited
neutral	" Dammit , Murray just wont lie down . 4th set tie break now . @USER up 2-1 in sets "
positive	I Like Iron Maiden ( Rampe ) racing tomorrow in the last heat at 280m Best of luck . Lets cheers him little bit ! ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Last Friday Night by Katy Perry is #nowplaying in Mad Hatter Hookah , Hiram . Download it now at HTTPURL "
positive	Prince George 's County was not absent on the list of The Baltimore Sun 's 50 Most Beautiful Places in Maryland ! ! ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Royals had runners at 1st and 3rd with no outs , but Jose Quintana and White Sox escape the inning without giving up a run . 0-0 , top of 3 . "
negative	@USER it 'll be a cold day in hell before you got me anywhere near that Sunday line up . I 'd rather see the Foo Fighters .
neutral	Dustin Johnson gagged another Sunday @USER the majors . Did anyone tell him he still has to play Monday ?
positive	i 'm gonna to see you in Milan in november . I can not wait @USER
positive	" Hasan on Eid : Every day a Muslim obeys Allah is itself a celebration : Ibn Rajab reported : Hasan Al-Basri , may Allah have mercy on him ... "
negative	" Obama secures Iran victory as 34th senator endorses nuclear deal - Another victory for the march of Islam , well done Hussein Obama "
negative	There you have it ! Enabled by the lefts anti-Israel / semitism and Islam on the march - what a deadly combo 4 Israel HTTPURL
negative	" well it may not be 1:30 am , but the Red Sox lost 5-1 , my little brother got carsick , and most importantly it 's way past my bedtime . "
neutral	" @USER sorry about that , I did n't see it ! I 'm going to peep the article , are you gonna buy " " Watchman " " tomorrow ? And yes by the way . "
positive	Tom Brady leads my team into the long season in hopes of winning the golden rhino head tomorrow night !
positive	" Alright people , you 've been waiting for it . Dark Souls . 1 Death = 1 Jalapeno . Tomorrow at 11am PST . RIP me . HTTPURL "
positive	" Listening to the new @USER album . If you like old-school Nirvana , NIN & general gig mayhem , do n't miss them at @USER . Sun , 9.30 pm . "
neutral	" rabta kamati ko q bol rhe ho bhooka marne ke lye , eid ke bad tou wo wasy he mar jaye gy ranges ke khuf sa HTTPURL "
neutral	Rios grounds out to end the inning . Should be all for Thor with Colon and Neise on bullpen . Still 5-3 Mets in 6th .
negative	" and FYI , I never had a HUGE problem with Kane ; I just do n't have respect for anyone who may of raped someone . "
neutral	Mason behind Kane and Dier in the midfield . More like a pre season line up with everyone getting a game . Season starts on September 13th
negative	" An apologist through and through ! Tackle the hate that is Islam , then you may start to address the root cause ! HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER look at the facts 1st & then opn ur mouth . Expose the real designs.Ask urself why ISIS is not targetG ISRAEL ? ?
negative	a shame I can sit up n call my daddy and granny nem back 2 back 2 back n they wo n't pick up but let Briana call they answer the 1st ring
neutral	Let 's go LD ! Let 's keep it up for next weeks American Out against Prince George ! HTTPURL
positive	My generation learned to love the NFL every Monday night thanks to Frank Gifford . Sending all my prayers to his family #RIPFrankGifford
negative	ANY black american that supports what Israel is doing to the palestinian people may as well go take a big old shit on MLKs grave
positive	" Section : " " Not a single day without an event " " July 23 Holidays Children 's Day ( Indonesia ) National Hot Dog Day ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" All I see over my Twitter feed is " " Paper Towns is out tomorrow " " i realised this 50 tweets ago , thank you . "
negative	Conservative logic : TERRORISTS ? Kill them ! ... DOMESTIC WHITE TERRORISTS ? Oh they 're just standing up for Christians and 2nd Amendment .
neutral	Randy Orton vs Seth Rollins for the #WWE Heavyweight Championship LIVE tonight on Monday Night #RAW @USER HTTPURL
positive	Good Morning and enjoy 3rd day of Eid
neutral	Floyd Mayweather vs Andre Berto on September 12 . Will he make it 49-0 or it will be 48-1 ? #SSBoxing
negative	" Why are sports news outlets tweeting about Sharknado ? I mean , c'mon . Know it 's the dog days , but crikes . "
negative	You may hear how a liberal protester was attacked at a Scott Walker rally in Iowa . It was planned and someone sent me the evidence .
positive	Some day at #TheOpen2015 . Incredible stuff from Paul Dunne and Padraig Harrington . Baffling round by Dustin Johnson . Monday will be great .
neutral	OH Gov . John Kasich became the 16th Republican in the race on Tuesday in a much hyped - and then overshadowed - campaign launch . #nerdland
neutral	John Cena Hits Jon Stewart with ' Attitude Adjustment ' on Monday Night Raw #CenavsStewart #AA #WWEMondayNightRaw HTTPURL
negative	" When gaza march out pon the battlefield it 's a funeral ... israel burial , gazaaa me seh "
neutral	" So , Miss USA last night , the AL All-Star starting pitcher today . What 's going to be tomorrow for Bishop Kelley HS ? "
neutral	Ant-Semites unwittingly aiding #Israel : Turkey 's severing of ties helped Israel get training it may need vs . Iran HTTPURL
neutral	I 'm gone slice Frank Ocean vocal chords out with the July page of the calendar if we do n't get an album soon
negative	" @USER CNN has a definite bias , they are n't reporting Carly Fiorina moving into 3rd place in IOWA on CNNPOLITICS , something going on ? "
negative	I blame that one rain delay on Sunday Night Baseball against the Red Sox .
neutral	Never break the 11th comandment of the beast Brock LESNAR thy shall not intentionally provoke the beast
neutral	" Friday in the food court : Dierks Bentley , Clark Manson , Jason Aldean , Kip Moore , Ira Dean , Christian Kane , Kenny Chesney & Josh Abbott Band "
positive	" Star Wars Day ! ! ! This time tomorrow I 'll be waking up having seen it ! Chewie , we 're back ! "
neutral	here we have Niall representing half the population every Monday morning HTTPURL
positive	Kendrick 's was straight . But check out my boy J.Cole alright remix . These the top 2 rappers in HISTORY . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER this photo is from January after Charlie Hebdo . Paris is not looking like this at the moment .
neutral	Takeaway en route and treating the other half to the 3rd film of the Twilight set #BoxingDay #chiller
neutral	All of these commercials about Zayn in the vmas ... we may never know until Sunday
positive	@USER May I ask you Justin Bieber I would love to meet you in person I also love your music so if I can email me at bandit 76044 @USER
neutral	Season in the sun - Nirvana
negative	@USER if you radical Christians get your way the time may come when you 're the minority . Your desire could result in death .
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER invitation and so did the majority . Islam is by the heart . May Allah guide u
positive	Liked on YouTube : Moto G 3rd Gen 2015 Model Review with Pros & Cons HTTPURL
negative	@USER could you and JD comment on what it may take to get Kris Bryant out of his current batting funk ?
positive	@USER @USER @USER I 'm going to see Paper Towns for the second time tomorrow . I love this movie . ( Love you Cara ! )
neutral	" I love Meisha Tate , not a Rousey fan really , but I can't see the sense in a 3rd fight , it 's gonna take a man to beat Ronda any time soon #UFC "
positive	" RIP Frank Gifford . Always seemed like a class act , especially when thrust into the Monday Night Football circus that was Howard Cosell . "
positive	Congratulations @USER for being first runner up in the Miss USA pageant Sunday !
neutral	" if I do n't get a free hot dog tomorrow on national hot dog day , somebody 's gonna pay , and somebody will gonna get hurt . "
negative	" @USER @USER @USER Actually , it was the other way round : 1st this admin literally kissed ass , then Iran demanded mills on top ! "
positive	I thought they may censor it like in Bleach and sometimes in Naruto . Major props to Toei Animation for letting it stay uncensored .
negative	" David Cameron is a nasty man . This is the 2nd time I 've read that George Osborne was decent to MPs who lost their seats , but Cameron was n't . "
neutral	The John Kasich record : What 's behind the launch of the 16th GOP ... : HTTPURL #GOP
positive	The NFL lost an icon with the passing of FRANK GIFFORD . He was a legend on the field and in the MONDAY NIGHT booth ! HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER had my suspicions in July 88 Iran air 655 Was shot by down by USs vincess in the gulf
negative	Sharknado may well be the flat out dumbest thing ever to occupy a TV screen .
positive	@USER @USER see you in Milan on 25th Feb . Ca n't wait to see you both in concert ! #OneVoiceTheTour
negative	" We get it , Randy Orton & Sheamus dont like each other , this is the 4th time within 3 weeks . "
neutral	one time on December 21 2007 i made a post on a message board with david bowie 's Five Years embedded in it . that 's all we 've got
neutral	Preview For The Upcoming John Cena Book : WWE is set to release a new book about John Cena on March ... HTTPURL
positive	Going to be good seeing Foo Fighters on Sunday . Will wash away the post Festival blues .
negative	I just heard that Carly Fiorina may not make the CNN Debate because of OLD Polling they use ! ! ! Now this is the ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Who is the 6 ' 4 " " guard from Yelm that dropped 44 in the Curtis jamboree Monday night ? "
positive	Just got told I look like Sam smith for the 22nd time
positive	" Justin Bieber , may be any thing that it is very rich ; and having done just the affirmative . "
positive	" @USER ISIS etc , yes . But do n't forget that without Islam in Europe the renaissance and our own freedoms may never have happened .. , "
negative	Milan 's is shit men ... even with dough ... totally lost d plot ... HTTPURL
neutral	" One of my older campers texted me and was like " " what do you want tomorrow I 'm bringing in Dunkin for the senior counsellors " " OK WHAT A SAINT "
negative	Negotiation with Boko Haram may not be a good idea as it will spark uprising in other parts of the country HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER all I think about w . Cate Blanchett is her odd accent in How To Train Your Dragon 2 . Films may be wasted on me
positive	Serena is one of the best athletes in the world . Like may weather at his sport or Kobe or Tom Brady
neutral	Are you using your smart phone or tablet in the late evening ? Twilight may be a solution for you ! R HTTPURL
neutral	Niall 's little interviews were the highlight of this video Not gonna lie HTTPURL
neutral	" With that being said , the White Sox are only 6.5 games back of the 2nd WC spot . #AnythingIsPossibleIGuess "
positive	" According to gamestop , Deadpool is coming to ps4 and X1 . I know some may not like the idea but I think it 'll be better with better visuals "
positive	@USER Good chance she may be Gay by the time she gets out .
neutral	" Times may turn over , but a male is still a male lmao hey Naruto said it not me "
positive	DC Young Fly and Ice Cube 's son GOT TO make Friday
positive	" At last , evidence that George Osborne 's drive to make work more attractive that benefits is working . #makeworkpay HTTPURL "
positive	" One of my all time favorite songs , George Harrison Live Bangladesh August 1st 1971 ( the year I was born : o ) HTTPURL "
positive	Really wish it was acceptable to wear my Nirvana tank top to work tomorrow .
positive	Looks like I 'm going to another White Sox game Wednesday night ! @USER
neutral	@USER no I 'm in hilton head till the 8th lol go to Jason aldean sept . 19th ! Alot of us are going !
neutral	John CENA and I will be unable to attend the critique tomorrow night at the same time as the first one of our album of my life
negative	" I want to see Shawn so bad tomorrow , I am so freaking depressed "
neutral	@USER There was never any doubt about Yakub 's involvement . What is moot is whether he had a deal . ' Black Friday ' says he did n't .
negative	im going to b so pissed if ikon does n't debut on sept 15th can YG STOP PULLING A FRANK OCEAN ON US
positive	Morning prayer tomorrow ( wed 2nd ) at theYMCA Stoke 8.00 am for Christians in the business community all are welcome join us !
negative	" @USER my PS4 died last night . I press the power button once it beeps , nothing happens . 2nd time beeps blue light comes on but nothing "
neutral	Paul Dunne drops a shot at the 2nd after finding trouble off the tee . He 's back to 10 - under with Louis Oosthuizen leading at 13 - under .
neutral	That 's a scathing attack on Sonia and Rahul Gandhi . Both the fake degrees are proved so far . More power to Shobha ;) HTTPURL
negative	As further proof we may be in our final days I submit the astounding discovery that there are actual Kim Kardashian fans .
negative	Must be the worse golfer of all time Irish Amature Paul Dunne teed off 6.43 am Thursday scheduled to finish around 7.15 pm on Monday ! ! !
neutral	" Seeing Ant-Man tomorrow , flat , it just is n't worth $ 40 * more * to see it in 3D . We 'll just have to use our imaginations . "
neutral	Come through the parking garage on 14th and Curtis
neutral	December 12th and I just ran Curtis st . hill in shorts and a t-shirt hell yeah
positive	" Hey it 's Monday . Just remember , Cate Blanchett as Galadriel . Have a great week everyone . "
negative	@USER @USER I rather watch paint dry or stare at the sun . your show is 100 % fake like you Caitlyn Jenner . tsktskshameshame !
positive	" TCNJ saw off St . Lawrence yesterday in their 1st Round match 4-1 , with two goals from Scognamiglio and a goal each from Curtis and Cummings "
positive	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL Stephanie McMahon , Batista and Randy Orton argue about WrestleMania : Raw , March 24 , "
neutral	" LAW Aug . 2 Update - Piper Tribute on The LAW tonight , G - 1 results , UFC 190 rundown with Rousey win , insanity at WSOF HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER Are you going to Sam Smith tomorrow ? ?
negative	Do you need any more evidence that Scott Walker has zero diplomatic chops . #nobusinessrunningforpresident HTTPURL
neutral	102 days ago Paul Dunne finished T22 at the Old Waverly Collegiate Championship . Tomorrow he 's playing in the final pairing at #TheOpen
positive	Time to binge on Naruto until the sun leaks through the blinds
neutral	" Remembering George Harrison , a true music legend . We share the birthdate , Feb 25 . Passed away age 58 , Nov 29 , ... HTTPURL "
positive	" With countless blessing of Allah , May this EID fill your life with joy and prosperity . EID GREETING Happy 3rd day of eid . . Regards : tasleem "
neutral	Someone come see Ant-Man with me tomorrow .
neutral	@USER @USER @USER if we get pace into the side and support Kane more then things may turn out ok
neutral	" Tonight 's LP Wednesday album is Sonic Highways by the Foo Fighters , playing from 7:30 onwards . Come down , and ... HTTPURL "
positive	It 's July 23rd - - National Hot Dog Day ! Celebrate with a hotdog--plain or garnished ! #NationalHotDogDay HTTPURL
positive	" @USER Probs my 3rd fav old band , U2 , VU and JA . The Smiths 4th . Nirvana in there too if you can count them "
neutral	" Do n't miss the all-new episode of #AHSHotel called " " She Gets Revenge " " tomorrow at 10 on FX ! #MTVStars Lady Gaga HTTPURL "
positive	Going to go see ant-man tomorrow hope it 's good
positive	( 1/2 ) Judge me if you want but Ima make sure I do n't miss the Miss USA pageant tomorrow . There 's nothing like watching beautiful women ...
negative	@USER all is alright Dami ... I was in the northeast at height of the Boko Haram challenges ... Saw 1st hand the sufferings ..
positive	REHAB ALERT : David Wright will continue his rehab assignment with us on Tuesday . Game vs . Bradenton at 6:30 p.m. #Mets
neutral	4 FLOOR Tickets to Ed Sheeran this Sunday . PM if you are interested . Section 7 third row . Best sound in the house ! HTTPURL
negative	" @USER u 2 missed it . statement was plotted to take attention away from UK national Rahul Gandhi . 2ndly , such BS ll hit fan in Apr . "
positive	Foo Fighters - My Hero dedicated to the Crusaders last drive ... That 's what Friday Night 's all about dog ! ! ! HTTPURL
neutral	Murray struggling at moment but I think he 'll come strong in 3rd & 4th set to take it to decider #USOpen2015
negative	Can we just keep Hutchison away from David Price ... his suck may be contagious #BlueJays
positive	Gov . Chris Christie & fmr Gov John Kasich get the final two spots in the Fox News debate Thursday . Gov . Rick Perry among those left out #GOP
positive	Ok that 's funny ! What would DEMs say ? And you can't use Kim Kardashian in the survey HTTPURL
positive	" Every time I 'm about to spend money , I have to remember Janet Jackson is coming in January and I need to save "
negative	" Tom Brady may have won his fight with the NFL , but he will forever be a fuckin cheat piece of shit in my book . "
negative	Still can't ever figure out how Kim Kardashian 's face works how 's your Sunday going
positive	" Simultaneously exhilarated and humbled prepping to teach Christians , Muslims and Jews in the Middle Ages for the 1st time ; 1/2 "
neutral	Jump in the cage ! Would you turn your back on a shark for a selfie ? This was on Sunday 's twilight tour #sharkdiving HTTPURL
positive	" George Osborne sat giggling , sums the Torirs up , it 's all a game to them #SyrianRefugees "
neutral	#BlueJays take the opener 2-1 in 10 innings ! Now 3.5 behind the #Yankees . David Price goes tomorrow against Ivan Nova .
positive	" Just looked up Foo Fighters set list for tomorrow , and I 'm sooooo excited it 's so perfect "
neutral	" briana and louis ' child , which they 've both decided to name Jungleworms is expected to be born on February 16th 2017 , after the break "
positive	Thor is home ! Thor went missing on Dec 25th and was back home on the 28th . No info was submitted to us on how he ... HTTPURL
neutral	Walked into Green Dot and the Bee Gees started playing as soon as we sat down .
positive	Hallowed Be Thy Name by Iron Maiden may have the greatest lyrics ever written .
positive	@USER Super eagles will get better with Sunday Oliseh . do you think that today outing was good ? @USER @USER
neutral	Did you know that ' Israel ' was Trending Topic on Friday 25 for 10 hours in Pakistan ? HTTPURL #trndnl
negative	" @USER To be fair the worst escapists , d 1st to cut & run , have been Christians , closely followed by Sunnis . Alawis have escaped d least "
negative	Daring Jrn'sm yes @USER fumbled @USER is not with Yakub or agst Babu / may but for all mass killers HTTPURL
negative	If you are n't rooting for Paul Dunne tomorrow in The Open you : A . Are not Irish B . Have no soul
positive	@USER noooo like he sang that song ! The 1st op of naruto !
neutral	Murray 's 2nd serve still ripe for abuse . Belluci has to do more with his returns . #USOpen2015
neutral	" Paul dunne is 14/1 to win the open tomorrow what do your followers think on his chances @USER , if not then who ? ? ? "
neutral	Trump may be in the lead but I really like Scott Walker
positive	Bee Gees - Saturday Night Fever ( John Travolta ) [ HD ] yeh boyy you know you 're all dancing and sing to this one ! ! ! HTTPURL
negative	Kim Kardashian has proved to the World that if you suck enough dick Apple may just make you into an emoji
negative	@USER you may be right he was innocent.If Levinson stupid enough to spy on Iran about cigarette smuggling then the guy is a retard
neutral	@USER you 're right about Curtis but they expect to have someone in by the weekend or Monday latest so all we can do is hope
positive	I 'm going to bed knowing that there is a possibility that I may wake up to videos and pictures of Zayn performing at the VMA's
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER @USER Ronald McDonnell was supporting the march , cant see no sign of him condemning violence , IRA lover "
positive	Let 's celebrate the days leading up to National Ice Cream Day on July 19 by eating ice cream . Then let 's have a ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Scott Walker is not in favor , not now , of failing to not follow or never not violate the 14th Amendment . Why can't you understand this ? "
negative	Woeful start to the 3rd from Murray . Think this is lights out for him .
neutral	STAR WARS THE FORCE AWAKENS : A story about Kim Kardashian and Taylor Swift vying for more air time . Who will win ? Tune in on Friday
positive	" Bad Blood now has more than 400M views , it 's Selena 's 1st feature to reach this and CAGI is coming "
positive	The Zac Brown Band absolutely killed it on Saturday night ! ! @USER Hersheypark Stadium HTTPURL
negative	I 'm sorry to say the Steelers CB situation is so dismal that I believe Tom Brady will have a sore arm after the Thursday night game !
positive	They are rereleasing Deadpool on Xbox One and PS4 on November 17th . Would I buy it again ? Yeah .
positive	" August 26 is National Hot Dog Day - do n't worry about what 's in them , just enjoy ! "
neutral	" My belated Christmas Eve #JohnFlemingBlog - Bras , a drag king , lesbians and the IRA - HTTPURL "
negative	" Quoting Tony Blair " " All the hallmarks of Al Qaeda . " " What , u know this within 2 hrs or less than 1st attack ? Wtf ? ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Stephen Hawking said " " This girl may like to know that in another possible universe , she and Zayn are happily married . " " "
neutral	Paul McCartney coming to the ACC Oct 17 . #going
neutral	Semper Entertainment brings you Nirvana : Where Time Stands Still with the BEST DJs in Metro this August 15 ! ! ! At ... HTTPURL
neutral	" I 'm leaving for Milan tomorrow , and realizing I should be sleeping cuz it 's 5am there rn , and still night here ... "
positive	@USER @USER they won la liga in 94 and got to euro final in 94 . They were 2nd best team in world . Milan were just the best .
negative	So Meek just sat on his ass and did n't walk Nicki up to the stage ? #VMAs2015
neutral	#FREE CLASSES TOMORROW ! 11am PC 50 with Zak & 6pm Yoga with Claire ! HTTPURL #lotuskitty HTTPURL
positive	But ya ... I 'm just waiting for February so that Cole and Kendrick can drop their collabo album .
positive	Katy perry 's last Friday night is the soundtrack to my life and I so wish i was joking
positive	Welcome back to the squad David Wright who is batting 4th tonight . #LetsGoMets
neutral	" Paul Dunne and Louis Oosthuzien par the 4th hole . Zach Johnson puts it close , has a chance to take the outright lead . "
neutral	DIU PV tomorrow . If we do n't see papa Jotaro or have David Bowie playing in the background I 'll be a little salty
neutral	@USER ok but on Friday I played the John cena song for my AP Lit class and nobody knew it was me
neutral	ICYMI : The M 's released Fernando Rodney Saturday night after a 6-3 loss to the White Sox . HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	This may be the greatest internet video of all time . Randy Orton vs The Avengers - Age of RKO HTTPURL
negative	Same old same old good till the last 3rd no support for Kane no width fuck knows what Poch is doing ain't got a fucking clue
neutral	" Rolling Stone #1237 June 18 , 2015 Orange is the New Black Cover HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	' Caitlyn Jenner ' appeared on Thursday 20 at the 14th place in the Top 20 of Miami 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	What time does the British Open start Monday ? Can Paul Dunne win ? HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	im going to school tomorrow for nicki and for z
negative	" School starts tomorrow and I 'm still sad AF about Zayn , Louis is a dad and now this tf #OneDirection "
neutral	White Sox had the bases loaded with 1 out in the 3rd with Ljay Newsome in for Pablo Lopez & Newsome gets the 4-6- 3 double-play ! M 's down 2-1
negative	Damn ... Miley Cyrus needs to watch it that bitch is gonna get sat on and crushed by Nicki .
neutral	Like I heard so many people complain about Kendrick 's flow on TPAB but loved Black Friday . When he used the same EXACT flows in that .
neutral	" Kejriwal : On odd dates , cars with odd regn . no . will play & on the even dates even number will Rahul Gandhi : Sunday ko kya karoge uncle ? "
neutral	Now the pressure has began ... ! Welcome to Super Eagles Sunday Oliseh HTTPURL
neutral	" Oliseh invites 18 for Tanzania , drops Mikel Obi , Victor Moses : Head coach of the Super Eagles , Sunday Oliseh , ... HTTPURL "
positive	At least real football starts on Thursday with a freed Tom Brady
positive	September 6th and Bad Blood is still the best song of all time
positive	" I really just tweet on Wednesday , Thursday and Sunday because of Big Brother but other then that I do n't tweet now . "
neutral	" if you fight Floyd Mayweather 5 times and he fights the same each time , you better believe you 'll have a better chance the 5th time . "
positive	Big Brother ends and Survivor begins on one of my best friends 21st birthday ... Ima be a little late to the festivities
neutral	" Katy Perry - " " You just gotta ignite the light , and let it shine ! Just own the night , like the fourth of July ! Cause baby you 're a firework " " "
positive	" I 'll see Paper Towns tomorrow with some friends , can't wait "
neutral	" People who seem incredulous that Cate Blanchett may be in THOR 3 : You do remember that she played an elf , right ? "
neutral	FYI ! ! ! Prince George 's County Council Chair Mel Franklin presents the 5th Annual Prince George 's County Family ... HTTPURL
positive	" @USER Oh , I remember that one . Pretty good . The one that 's your 2nd favorite is my fav from the original Naruto . "
positive	@USER hey Nicki i was going to wish you happy independence on monday from Trinidad
neutral	" Will Smith , Amy Schumer and Carey Mulligan were among those honoured Sunday at the Hollywood Film Awards , with ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER @USER it 's a huge concern .. May God bless and protect Rahul Gandhi . Please be safe & get more security @USER
neutral	Paul Dunne has made less bogeys ( 2 ) than anyone else in the field thus far . I think he has a chance tomorrow #TheOpen
neutral	Get the launch schedules for Celebrity Big Brother : HTTPURL #CBB HTTPURL
negative	Ayyye I just purchased my Ed Sheeran tickets for tmrw but I may not even go
negative	when you hungry af but Dunkin is closed on Sunday 's & conn do n't open until 10
positive	Thought about seeing the new Fantastic Four movie today . Passed and saw Ant-Man for a 2nd time instead . LOL #AntMan #FantasticFour
neutral	" @USER @USER Islam is a Muslim Nationalist Movement with geo-political ambitions , as such , it must lose 1st Amendment rights . "
positive	Our first Christmas together AND we got to celebrate our 1 year ( the 24th ) . Merry Christmas from Curtis and I ! HTTPURL
negative	Nigeria air strikes kill ` large number ` of Boko Haram : Nigeria said Sunday it had carried out air strikes in t ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER come see Sam smith with @USER and I tomorrow
negative	Victims are late .. with Mukul Rohtagi there is no chance that Yakub will be Hanged on 31st ..
negative	" It really went from police brutality , to beefing with one another , to Ice Cube writing the script for Friday , then Eazy 's death ? "
positive	Holy shit National hot dog day is Thursday . If you know me well enough you 'll know how important this is to me rn
positive	@USER If you were told you were going to lose to Floyd Mayweather in the 5th round you 'd be rightly concerned about the first 4 rounds
neutral	" Also may take years to figure out if the song reaching # 1 or John Cena co-opting " " I Ca n't Feel My Face " " as his signature tagline is stranger "
positive	I have two wishes : 1 ) that it was Tuesday already ; 2 ) that I had ten eyes so I could read Go Set a Watchman faster .
positive	" I grow weary of Christians who on Sunday profess their love for the one who said , ' when you do it to the least ... HTTPURL "
positive	I really really really want to see Foo Fighters on Saturday ! ! !
positive	Wow Dustin Johnson showing some true grit after quadding number one #PGAChamp especially since his history with major Sunday's
neutral	Calibraska will probably come out tonight instead of tomorrow
negative	@USER it was deplorable to say the least of you to dedicate almost 3 pages to Yakub & ironically Mr . Kalam on 5th page . SAD day
positive	" God bless him & God bless Am Israel , may allah wrath be with palestinian terrorists of gaza & WB HTTPURL "
neutral	Ice Cube has never given up . You may encounter some mental midgets who badmouth the Oakland Raider . They are ... HTTPURL
neutral	" With the Lights Out [ Box ] by Nirvana ( US ) ( CD , Nov - 2004 , 3 Discs , DGC ) HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER welll im probably going to see justin bieber in october and except for that nothing much wbu ?
positive	Moto G 2nd Gen 16 GB ( Black / White ) at Rs . 8099 - Motorola in association Flipkart is back again with a bang where ... HTTPURL
positive	Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day . If you are in Brighton drop by @USER
positive	" I can't wait to go home this weekend , relax , see my pets , eat homemade food and read Go Set a Watchman . Is it Friday yet ? "
neutral	" Floyd Mayweather may be planning to use Andre Berto as ' tune-up ' for a rematch with Manny Pacquiao , says new ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Dana White says it 's ' stupid ' to question Ronda Rousey 's gameplan for Holly Holm : Saturday night offered up on ... HTTPURL
positive	" STAR WARS DAY ! ! ! If it 's the 4th best #StarWars film , I will be ecstatic . If its higher than 4th , I will implode . Seriously . "
neutral	" I remixed " " You Can Do It " " by Ice Cube . Please check it out and let me know what you think . #IMW drops January ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Go Set a Watchman 's UK sales top 100,000 in one day | Books | @USER HTTPURL "
negative	Amy Schumer at the #GQmenoftheyear2015 party in a dress we pretty much hate : HTTPURL #GQMOTY2015 HTTPURL
neutral	Tybg that I have 5th period with Sam smith
positive	" is Kendrick Lamar on course to be the 1st artist to top p4k ' s " " song of the year " " " " music vid of the year " " and " " album of the year " " ? good if so "
negative	" Right ? Even if he was n't the target , he 's on the block & it 's Big Brother , c'mon . #BB17 HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER U gotta get in front of Kane he 's 1st one a lap down !
neutral	@USER so bea what do you want from Dunkin donuts tomorrow ?
neutral	Rangers ' Hamilton hoping to play more : Josh Hamilton was in the lineup for the fifth straight game on Tuesday ... HTTPURL
neutral	" On this day in August 29 , 2011 ~ #RAW : John Cena & Sheamus vs . Christian & Mark Henry HTTPURL "
neutral	I 'm going to be so mad if Frank Ocean releases his new album the minute before he goes on stage on Saturday
neutral	" Men 's Journal editor Jason Fine is the new managing editor of Rolling Stone , it was announced Monday . Fine wil ... HTTPURL "
negative	i remember when zayn left i took down all my posters and sat in my 1d blanket with 1d headphones in and stared at my blank wall crying
neutral	" Come celebrate Gaybor Day weekend with me tomorrow at The Roar Room for Gay Night if you enjoy comedy , dance ... HTTPURL "
negative	DUP want Bloody Sunday soldiers arrested no wonder the IRA controlled Sinn Fein clapped DUP leader Peter Robinson . HTTPURL
neutral	Kane will be featured in the ACHiever for the Nov / Dec issue . Photo courtesy @USER @USER HTTPURL
positive	" You can take UFC , MMA or heavyweight boxing but that Brock Lesnar vs Undertaker fight on @USER may have been one of the best ever brawls . "
positive	this one will be the best yet ! #MTVStars The Vamps HTTPURL
positive	@USER @USER @USER @USER Aaliyah also known as having her 2nd album listed in Rolling Stone 's best albums of the 90s
positive	" A phone is n't just about specs , its about the experience . This is where the Moto G ( 3rd Gen ) excels ! HTTPURL #android "
neutral	" What 's going on with your 3v3 1nD on PS4 ? I have church to attend tomorrow fam , hurry up . @USER "
negative	Did Briana tell you she was due in April ? Why do larries believe every article written about the baby
neutral	" RESULT : Andy Murray def Thomaz Bellucci 6-3 , 6-2 , 7-5 . Murray advances into the 4th Round to play Kevin Anderson #USOpen "
neutral	@USER Kane just had his 6th heart surgery 4 wks ago-now he 's home jamming ! HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	He may be a creative genius but Stan Lee did n't come up with Thor #bbcr4today
positive	" Agree . Celebrate it like Diwali , Eid and Christmas . HTTPURL "
positive	Hurray @USER for telling the truth about George Osborne 's Northern powerhouse fairy stories HTTPURL #jeremy4leader
negative	" @USER ... C'mon , EVERYBODY , it 's time to boycott Dunkin ' Donuts ... FUCK THIS CEO ASSHOLE ! ... Come on , BOYCOTT DUNKIN ' DONUTS ! "
neutral	@USER when will we have more Moto G 3rd Gen 16g in the USA ?
neutral	What a weird day @USER . 1st - round leader Dustin Johnson is 1 under thru 11 and falling down the board . @USER Golf_com
negative	" I may not be much in this world , but I 'll never be as awful as a 21 - year-old who acts like they enjoy the musical stylings of Nirvana . "
positive	" Since I 'm hype for Dark Souls 3 , i might as well just play Dark Souls 2 over for the 30th time "
negative	Remember how much Charlie Hebdo inched up the dehumanizations of muslims worldwide ? that was pittance compared to what will happen tomorrow
positive	" Finally pre-ordered the new Iron Maiden album ( Book of Souls ) , can't wait for September 4th , that CD is going to be blasting around my house "
neutral	@USER Floyd Mayweather beaten several women and still boxes and be became the most paid athlete . And ray rice does n't get a 2nd chance
neutral	" @USER I just worry he could go either way 50/50 , pretty much like Kane , hoping he has a most important 2nd season , need finished article "
positive	" Thanks @USER for the post ! See you this evening from 6.30 pm in our Gallery ( Piazza XXV Aprile 11 / b , Milan ) HTTPURL "
neutral	Just Turned the corner into Ghetto n #Roma 1st thing I saw a group of Muslims ! Now that 's tourism for ya . It 's a sm world after all #peace
positive	" Hella forgot , it 's Thursday therefore there 's a new episode of naruto on Hulu therefore it 's lit "
neutral	Dustin Johnson is - 8 over the last 14 holes . Oh for that quad on the 1st ...
positive	@USER Well Curtis ... you also NEED a night out in Thompsons ... need a Sunday night session again soon bro ! ! !
neutral	" HTTPURL By now , this should not be a shock to anyone : Floyd Mayweather still believes that he 's the greatest boxer of all time "
neutral	Coming up on Twitter ! Tonight : Sharknado 3 ( tired jokes ! ) Tomorrow : Trump visits the border Friday : Cynicism Saturday : Beach pictures !
neutral	" Would n't be shocked if Hulk Hogan returned to WWE for a 5th time , if the smoke clears between him and WWE . Vince , how long will it go ? "
positive	Ed Sheeran and Sunday mornings just go together
neutral	Size 11 in the Gucci foams tomorrow $ 300
positive	" Sam Smith is singing the new Bond theme ! " " Writing on the Wall " " out Sept 25 , one month before " " Spectre " " HTTPURL "
neutral	" Justin Bieber interview with Mai Morning Crew on Mai FM 88.6 | Auckland , New Zealand , October 1 2015 HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER So , you did n't show up at Zac Brown Band last night . :( If you are there tonight or tomorrow , then ... well ... we 're in a fight "
neutral	David Price giving up another lead in the 7th ? Come on man ! ! ! #FanDual #DraftKings
negative	@USER @USER I 'll never forget you getting in an argument over Kendrick 's black on black crime stuff in the club on a friday night
neutral	Niall 's leg hair will fry if he keeps letting it be under the sun
positive	" fuck everything , i will go see Paper Towns tomorrow and nobody can ruin my day "
neutral	Dean Ambrose 5 . @USER Have you seen these enthralling Marshall Mathers images ? You may want to see : HTTPURL
neutral	Thursday 17th ( otherwise know as Star Wars Day ) we will have Christmas parties in the afternoon.Pupils should arrive in uniform then change .
positive	@USER may ALLAH give you more eager to know about ISLAM .
neutral	" When I read this , all I can think about is how the Red Sox still have a chance HTTPURL "
positive	@USER @USER brought For The Love of Food live to Eid in the Park on Sat @USER MK - amazing audience HTTPURL
neutral	22minutes until the Sharknado hits for the 3rd time . Oh Hell No ! ! ! #sharknado3 #Syfy #Toledo #BBN
neutral	Would you like to be a monk ? C'mon lets go get drunk . Do you think Paul McCartney is okay ? We 're from Rolling Stone so it 's okay . L . R .
negative	" I think aftr seeing all this #YakubToHang drama , the security guy at d jail would like to shoot Yakub dead rather than hanging him tomorrow "
neutral	( comment about the legitimacy of a Kanye West candidacy because it 's something new that people may believe is possible Trump )
positive	Going to get drunk and watch the badness that is Sharknado 3 . This is going to be a good Sunday night .
neutral	I 'm going to an Amy Schumer show on campus Sunday night and of course they sent an e-mail saying we wo n't be allowed to have mace .
neutral	" I saw Paper Towns yesterday , and I sat next to a person who was just like @USER he looked just like you ! I freaked out a bit ... "
negative	Poor Burt he sounded in good spirits with Chris Evans on Friday but seems a broken man on Jonathan Ross !
positive	VIP trip with Miss USA TN July 17 was awesome . Writing the book It 's Christmas Again published by TATE was worth my journey . Order book now .
positive	Spending tomorrow refreshing twitter because I want to go to the goddamn David Bowie musical . #sorryboss
neutral	" @USER Hi , any plan for a custom made design case for Moto G 3rd gen ? Seem your site still stuck on the first generation ... "
neutral	@USER well they believed the sun when it talks shit about ZAYN but now the sun is the ultimate liar .
positive	@USER @USER is a treasure . He has helped so many people come to terms with Islam . He has unique gift . May Allah preserve him
positive	Going to the Red Sox game tomorrow What I 'm most looking forward to ? Post game burrito at @USER by a MILE
neutral	Ex - #Britain PM Tony Blair held several hours of talks with #Turkey 's leaders in Ankara on Thursday HTTPURL
neutral	New York Mets get big 16-7 win over the Philadelphia Phillies ( Monday 's MLB scores ): David Wright hit a long h ... HTTPURL
positive	" Nicki is truly a loving and forgiving God , may we all show the same mercy she has shown to taylor to those who have wronged us . Amen . "
neutral	" Centre of attention : While Katy Perry was just an audience member on Wednesday at Broadway 's Finding Neverland , ... HTTPURL "
negative	Please pull down Tom Brady 's pants and undress the cheaters on Thursday night @USER
neutral	" Frank Gifford , dies at 84 - The Washington Post . I worked with Frank way back at Wide World of Sports . Class Act . RIP HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER ' s inspiring explanation of the party--not funeral--they held to celebrate Frank Gifford 's life . HTTPURL
negative	Had a rough time trying to make Dark Souls work with OBS =/ Gonna have to figure out a few things and stream tomorrow i #21053
negative	Goodell has been caught in lie after lie after lie . Tom Brady swore under oath he did nothing and science affirms . HTTPURL
neutral	" 1st good step against #Evil " " Saudi Arabia announced the formation of a 34 - state Islamic military coalition " " HTTPURL "
neutral	" Opening scene for Ice Cube 's upcoming " " Another Friday in the Big Ten " " movie . " " How you get fired on yo day off , Tim ? " " HTTPURL "
positive	" The 10th hole seems to be a good birdie hole . Dustin Johnson birdies the 10th , his 1st hole to move to - 1 #PGAChamp "
positive	" Do n't forget , we have some spirit days coming up at Liberty ! Tomorrow is Star Wars Day and Friday is PJ day ! "
neutral	When you gotta read a chapter of a book and then write a 4 page paper on it but you 're just jamming to Nirvana . Tomorrow 's gonna be sick .
neutral	" May I just say Ice Cube tell yo fine son I said " " HAYYY " " lmaoooo "
neutral	" @USER I 'm currently in Providence for Comic-Con right now , if I have time would you like me to say hi to Curtis tomorrow ? "
neutral	#HowIwish that there will be no story from Tanzania tomorrow Super Eagles will really by super ! What do you wish ? @USER @USER
neutral	" New MKX patch coming soon to PS4 , Xbox One . Jacqui buff confirmed ? ! What else do you want to see ? HTTPURL #MortalKombatX "
negative	Interview tomorrow at Dunkin donuts lol really not where I wanted my first job to be but fuck it I need money
negative	Criticizing her lack of preparedness is n't wrong . Ira 's post did n't say it was . @USER HTTPURL
negative	" Ambrose vs . Big Show ? You people are wasting Dean Ambrose . Just when Monday gets good , Big Show & Taker , make me change the channel . #RAW "
negative	11 December 1971 - An IRA bomb attack on the Shankill Road destroyed the Balmoral Furniture Building and killed four HTTPURL
positive	" Kendrick Lamar 's " " Black Friday Freestyle " " is one of the Best Songs of the Week . HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER just sent you a request off the app . I 'll get my PS4 on the 15th
neutral	Dustin Johnson goes - 6 and in the lead - did anyone take Bryan 's advice and take the 25s on 1st round leader for the #pga ? getting excited ?
positive	@USER Good Luck to Paul Dunne on the Last Day of the British Open Tomorrow . Can he Do It ? Hopefully .
negative	@USER your arguments may be valid in an overarching debate on DP . Too late in the game now for Yakub . Folks shut have spoken ...
positive	@USER please help me get tickets for tomorrow at hard rock . it 's my dream to meet shawn !
neutral	Kenny Sears was marked short of the first on 4th down . Curtis takes over at the SPS 42 with a 30-14 lead
positive	I do n't get the panic at all . Still in playoffs still david price pitching Friday still great lineup still lots of games left #bluejays
positive	I hope the Oct 3 special from Madison Square Garden ( feat . Brock Lesnar ) is broadcast on the Network ... ' cause this guy has ringside seats .
positive	" Red Sox off to another great start . They lead the Phillies after two innings at Fenway 6-0 , scoring 2 in the 1st and 4 more in the second "
positive	" Tomorrow you 're gonna hear Harry 's becoming the next James Arthur , Niall will be into irish dance training , Louis will be a judge on XF - - "
positive	" Hey , I 'm coming to see you on the 29th of april in Milan ! ! Ca n't wait ! @USER @USER HTTPURL "
neutral	" Jake Gyllenhaal , Eminem and Rolling Stone contributing editor Joe Levy sat down at the YouTube Space in NYC to ... HTTPURL "
positive	Tonight going to see Foo Fighters in Concert + Friday Kenney Chesney :) )
neutral	Gucci baggy skin below the eyes themselves aplomb december amplify the duet yours peculiar fellow feeling unit ...
neutral	" there 's a frog here idk why and I was like kill it ew and my ancle said " " you should kiss it , it may turn into justin bieber " " I 'm so pissed "
neutral	" This Wednesday , beat the cold front @USER with a celebration of George Harrison + The Beatles with Here Comes The Sun ! Doors 7:30 . "
positive	@USER Their new album is out this coming Friday . Same day as Iron Maiden 's new album . More excited for Amorphis though .
neutral	I wonder if De Gea was sat in his car in the Real Madrid car park waiting for a transfer Odemwingie style
positive	" @USER That was Toronto I believe . I was about two feet to the left here , 4th row . When Niall threw himself to the floor , wow ! "
neutral	" Time to man up , @USER - - we the people want to hear from Carly Fiorina . Do n't kowtow to CNN . If it 's broke , fix it HTTPURL "
neutral	Shawn is doing a show on the 19th right ?
positive	You know you go to Dunkin ' Donuts too much when the worker there says See you tomorrow #99centIcedCoffee
positive	" Hey , freeloaders ? It 's National Ice Cream Day . Chow down and worry about your hips tomorrow , Monday . Or the 1st ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Thinking about Zac Brown Band and @USER ? Well " " Keep me on mind " " for a ZBB ride 5pm Thursday at Fenway ! "
negative	Josh Hamilton rejoined the Rangers n an effort to overcome his struggle w / addiction . Angels fans just booed him in 1st game back . #pathetic
neutral	" I had a dream I talked to zayn and harry , we were at the concert & zayn was there to see the boys , then harry sat on my lap and danced WHAT "
neutral	Off to see Steve Harris ( Iron Maiden ) British Lion tomorrow with Mark Kirkman . Up close and personal in The ... HTTPURL
positive	Happy Sunday ... Bee Gees with Walking On Air HTTPURL
neutral	if Dustin Johnson can drive a 289 yard par 4 with an iron you can get up for school tomorrow
positive	SubHanAllah ! This is deep . May Allah grant the Muslims in Palestine victory over its occupiers . Ameen . HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER He gently sat up , looking around and stretching , looking down at Thor with a smile . He climbed out of bed , got dressed and _ "
neutral	Moto G 3rd Gen vs Xiaomi Mi 4i : Who hold the best place in market ? - HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	" I do n't fuck with Kendrick like that at all , but he slayed this : HTTPURL "
negative	@USER Thank you @USER to make Hollande come here after Obama snubbed Charlie Hebdo march and Paris is a national embarrassment
positive	It 's finally here : Star Wars Day in the Tracey household ! I may be taking my excitement too far ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Shawn : If I was there would you watch the Steelers game with me Thursday ? Me : Yea . Wait , why ? Are you coming here ? #Please #MissYou "
positive	Fans of both Foo Fighters and Nirvana likely had that Exacta in the 4th at #Saratoga : # 2 Watershed to # 5 Come As You Are
neutral	" Coldplay , One Republic , Maroon 5 , Sam Smith , Ed Sheeran , Oasis , Owl City , Simple Plan , The Fray , Muse , Snow Patrol , Empire of the Sun .. "
negative	All three gunmen in the January attacks on the Charlie Hebdo newspaper and a kosher supermarket were French .
neutral	David Price retires A-Rod with 2 men on to send it to the bottom of the 5th . Jays up 3-0
neutral	" Fast forward to Thursday night , when Fox News host Megyn Kelly asked John Kasich a question about about same-sex ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Today : #KimDavis , gay marriage , gender trends , persecution , rise up and stand Tomorrow you 'll care more about football #AmericanChristianity "
positive	Crowd finally pops ... for John Cena ... in the 11th hour . #raw #WWENOC #WWERaw
negative	@USER they forget Quran and Islam talked about making them nations to know each other may Allah guide them
positive	1st country in the world to adopt multiculturalism . Here is the country that did it some 2500 years ago ... Iran HTTPURL
neutral	Sharknado further proof we need the 2nd amendment . For yoi Seneca students its the right to own a gun .
positive	i can't believe i 'm going to foxborough this saturday and tom brady would do me like this
neutral	George Harrison - Here comes the Sun ( live ) . avi HTTPURL
positive	Attn athletes : Did you just finish your AM run ? We now offer yoga for athletes every Tues at noon with Briana ! It 's the best recovery .
neutral	Jays ' Price is money against the Orioles : Griffin : Lefty David Price had an opportunity Saturday against the O ... HTTPURL
positive	" Congratulations to Ylianna Guerra ! 1st runner up @USER the Miss USA this past weekend ! Photo :D arren Decker , Josh Brasted HTTPURL "
neutral	" I may be in the minority , but I never could get into Frank Ocean 's music ! "
neutral	@USER wait ... Is n't that May 4 is Star Wars day ?
positive	" Skye : Would n't mind getting my human hands on Thor . He 's so dreamy . Coulson : Sure , he 's handsome , but - May : [ interrupting ] No . He 's dreamy . "
positive	" WOW , David Bowie and Bing Crosbie you give me goose bumps . May this wish come true . Peach on Earth ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER are you and jack gonna come see shawn tomorrow ? !
positive	" I may be late to this party , but Ant-Man is a great movie ! Ranks among my top picks in the Marvel cinematic universe , I did n't expect that "
neutral	" Reminder : This Thursday , Sept 10 , will be running on a Monday schedule ! There will be no club hours or Yoga in the Game Room . #baruchcollege "
negative	@USER @USER It may be the Muslims will still want to colonize & take over - that 's the goal of Islam-world domination . #Ccot
negative	@USER only shiite only in iran . the rest of muslim world enjoy ashura porridge for 1st muharram
positive	" Janet Jackson on the 15th , then Ed Sheeran on the 20th . When there is good music , HC is all smiles . "
neutral	" WASHINGTON - - Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker ( R ) , a staunch advocate of beefing up security on the southern border , said Sunday he is open to "
neutral	" Done with AHS till Wednesday & finished inside Amy Schumer , now what ? "
negative	I think Tushar Gandhi should hang himself to protest against hanging of Yakub.And yes it should be on 29th just day B4 30th #yakubdebate
neutral	Justin Bieber may as well hold the copyright to the phrase WHAT DO YOU MEAN because I can't say it without hearing the song in my head
neutral	#Deadpool video game to be re-released on PS4 & Xbox One on Nov . 17 ; Plus a statement from the man himself - HTTPURL
neutral	Someone should point out to Unionists & Loyalists that it is perfectly possible to investigate Bloody Sunday & IRA crimes at the same time .
neutral	" Photo : The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge leave hospital with their newborn son , Prince George | | July 23rd ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER Islam is wonderful and beautiful . You can't tell the difference between a prostitute and a church goer on a Sunday .
neutral	I do n't think Nicki 's pregnant . Stomach was flat again in the side view . Think she was just sticking her butt out in the 1st pic .
positive	" 2nd wedding anniversary today , celebrating with a trip to Milton Keynes to see the Foo Fighters ! "
positive	If the rumours are true and Hulk Hogan goes into CBB tomorrow I might actually watch it .
positive	I remember when we were in like 7th or 8th grade and Taylor called me legit crying bc she loved Justin Bieber so much lmao
positive	Tomorrow kicks off Muslim Awareness Week ! Come to our first event tomorrow at 11:00 a.m. : the Brown Bag on Islam . HTTPURL
positive	" Got to get behind Curtis and the boys tomorrow , but I think we will win ! "
neutral	Seth Rollins wo n't be happy till he loses the wwe championship to @USER on Sunday #TheRoadToSummerSlam #raw
positive	" 4th week running going out tonight hahaha , gay nights are so good "
neutral	" Wale do n't do this man . I fux wit you but you 2nd or 3rd tier in this rap game bro . Kendrick is miles in front , he 'll answer in time #TDE "
positive	@USER it 's fun and it may make your time in the big brother final stretch a little less painful . It 's on demand and the lifetime app
positive	I just listened to Strawberry Swing by Frank Ocean 6 times in a row and I 'm working on a 7th
positive	I can't WAIT ... for TOM BRADY to win 4 more titles in the next 15 years . THE NFL is a JOKE with Godell . HTTPURL
negative	Nigeria air strikes kill ' large number ' of Boko Haram : Abuja ( AFP ) - Nigeria said Sunday it had carried out ai ... HTTPURL
neutral	" December 26 - Lady Gaga at the airport " " JFK " " in New York HTTPURL "
neutral	David Wright is back as the #Mets try to build on their NL East lead on Monday night . Here 's what I 'm looking for : HTTPURL
neutral	@USER what route are you doing ? I am arriving Sept 14 in Milan then starting at Como ... #cycletouringitaly
positive	Would love to be going debs tomorrow but instead Il go see Paper Towns with my mam :) ) )
positive	oh my god it just hit me that I 'm seeing Sam Smith tomorrow night
neutral	" After others are Partitioned , it may well be the turn of Saudi Arabia , for which Turkey is likely to be used as counterweight . "
neutral	" Nirvana is walking through Grand Rapids while the sun sets , listening to Demon Days . "
negative	yes the Caitlyn Jenner fancy dress is absolutely disgusting but what 's worse is how close to October we actually are already
neutral	" This day in rock history : September 9th , 1965 Bob Dylan 's Like a Rolling Stone reaches # 2 "
neutral	" @USER Damn lol . I needa catch up . You know it took me the whole 5th grade to watch Naruto , and that wae the year Shippuuden came out ? "
neutral	" @USER @USER I think not working closely with @USER will hurt the brand , the beta has people buying & intending on buying PS4 ' s for Nov "
negative	" Up to 1000 soldiers sealed off the Andersonstown area , Belfast and searched for IRA suspects and weapons ; 4 Nov 1971 HTTPURL "
positive	" Happy Birthday My 1st namja bias in Kpop , Lee Taemin , Taem i love u , i miss u in the past #HappyTaeminDay "
positive	Absolutely fantastic stuff from Paul Dunne today . Keep the dream alive tomorrow
negative	" Estimated 5 % of Muslims in Britain r Islamists , Not many u may think , But there r about 6,000 , 000 Muslims in Britain.That ' s 300,000 Islamists "
neutral	" James : " " Why can't Big Brother just throw us a coup d'etat ? " " Meg : " " Seriously ! " " James : " " ... and on Thursday we 'll have the last laugh . " " #BB17 "
positive	on the 25th of march can we celebrate zayn 's time in the band and create cute hashtags and post funny things and really cute things pls
neutral	So David De Gea is going to Real Madrid right ? I thought the deadline was tomorrow at 6pm GMT
neutral	" Former host of " " The Daily Show " " John Stewart will be guest host of SummerSlam on Sunday ; has feud with Seth Rollins "
neutral	Want in on a free trial of #Fit4Two 's Mom & Baby Yoga class at the centre on September 10 ? Check it out ! HTTPURL
positive	@USER We 're actually going to the KPOP store on tuesday ... xD
negative	" It 's only right to the victim / family , responsible driving : Caitlyn Jenner May Face Manslaughter Charge in Fatal Crash HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER may I inform you my grandadwas in the IRA or was fighting them I cant remember
positive	" @USER oh sweet ! I 'm going on Friday , me and my lady are gonna be at the main stage waiting Paul McCartney pretty much all day haha "
negative	Project in March or whenever the fuck I feel like I should playing Dark Souls and focus .
neutral	' Israel ' appeared on Wednesday 23 at the 17th place in the Top 20 of Norway 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	" i may not be JOHN LEGEND to give you " " ALL OF ME " " but i can be ED SHEERAN to " " LOVE YOU TILL WERE 70 " " Good Evening . :) "
positive	" If you could win a golf tournament on the 1st day , then Dustin Johnson would have 9 majors by now . "
positive	In 7th grade I was introduced to the book Twilight and that 's the only book that kept me out of my world .
negative	" @USER C'mon , that 's so not witty . Women are harassed on the steet by police in Iran for not wearing hijab and it 's not okay , period "
positive	Briana is the most prettiest girl i have ever known since i was in 7th grade
negative	Pussy nigga made the wrong decision now he 2nd guessing . Big Brother getting real .
neutral	" Wilt Chamberlain claims to have slept with more than 20,000 women in his lifetime . Chuck Norris calls this " " a slow Tuesday . " " "
negative	Justin Bieber - What Do You Mean ? You do n't just have 1st on the billboards but 2nd & third . Over there HTTPURL
positive	" @USER ya neither can Chuck Norris but they can both kick ass like there 's no tomorrow , plus she 's hot ! "
neutral	" Average attendance for Serie A clubs so far this season . Milan 5th with 34,338 [ via @USER ] HTTPURL "
neutral	" Before we were all Charlie Hebdo , now we are all Parisian - tomorrow we may have to identify with others , but we must not be intimidated "
neutral	The @USER moved up the @USER vs @USER fight to Nov . 14 in Australia . Rousey is always ready to fight #ufc193 #andStill
negative	@USER I installed Madden 16 Deluxe last Monday night for PS4 and still have n't received my packs today nor the reward for opening 50
neutral	Gucci raft inner self brass june dramatize the pair thy exceptional in link to with intense : wuqDoMjlY
neutral	Oliseh likes what he sees : Nigeria coach Sunday Oliseh says his Super Eagles side are a work in progr ... HTTPURL #femnath
neutral	" @USER @USER Mother Kris , Daddy unknown with three daughters - Kim Khloe Kourtney This Caitlyn Jenner was 2nd husband "
positive	Happy 2nd Birthday to Prince George from Infant Massage . I can't believe he is two already ! ! Do any babies out ... HTTPURL
neutral	I have two Jason Aldean Tickets on sale for Saturday 's concert ! $ 30 each or $ 50 for both ! Text me or DM me if you want them !
positive	" Kane will indeed return this Monday on #RAW . Also , Edge & Christian will be on the #StoneColdPodcast ! ! ! "
positive	" Excellent FREE program on Sun . , 1/10 at @USER - - he 's been to Iran ( and 110 other countries ) . #RiverForest HTTPURL "
positive	Belated Eid Mubarak to all . May next Eid bring about the end of tyrants of our planets . Ameen .
positive	Happy Saturday ! ! ! Bee Gees with How Deep Is Your Love HTTPURL
negative	" @USER Saudi Arabia is leading an airstrikes campaign in Yemen , the latest round of which killed at least 15 people on Monday . "
neutral	@USER may Allah protect all Muslims ummah from the oppressors
positive	I got really excited for the cosplay cover of Thor tomorrow and then I remembered that Kevin is on issue 2 :/
positive	" Demi Lovato Praises Amy Schumer On 2016 Pirelli Calendar Photo : On Thursday night , the comedian spoke ... HTTPURL #lovato "
neutral	" Also this : Multiple sources told me the Red Sox did confiscate signs in support of Orsillo at Fenway last Monday , despite denial from Sox . "
neutral	! ! ! STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON SPOILER ! ! ! : Ice Cube melts in the sun
positive	" Although it 's not Paul McCartney , just bought So You Think You Can Dance live tix in Nov for mom and I . We 'll make it a night out :) "
negative	Tomorrow they will discuss #YakubHanged after their Friday prayer . Bad part is 100s of youth will get inspired to be the next Yakub .
positive	Want to start reading Paper Towns tomorrow . My sister told me the movie was awesome !
negative	Does he really hate women and Muslims or is he just a twisted provocateur ? HTTPURL
neutral	" This is the 3rd time I 've seen Gadafi in a long while , and every time he 's with Tony Blair HTTPURL "
positive	" I do n't care if April is dead or alive , I just can't wait for Sharknado 4 "
positive	" @USER did you see Carly Fiorina is in 5th in Iowa , 2 pts out of second ? Maybe the non Top 10 still had a shot ? "
positive	@USER Are you going to watch Lavalantula tomorrow night on SyFy ? Looks pretty good . Has some big shoes to fill because of Sharknado .
positive	My plans were to Sharknado 1 & 2 it up for tomorrow 's big premiere ... But OITNB won . 1/2 way thru season 3 .. I need more hrs in the day ..
positive	Brock Lesnar live in-studio with Mike and Mike tomorrow is actually interesting to me . Although the interview wo n't be ...
positive	@USER @USER just saw a lady in a straw hat and it reminded me of how calibraska comes out TOMORROW . im so proud of u guys
neutral	" No one is forced to buy the pay per view , - Floyd Mayweather . I think #boxing fans may take him up on that .. #MayweatherBerto "
negative	@USER It seems that PMK leader may be wrongly advised about Yakub acts.PMK leader may think that he is patriot .
negative	What does Chris Evans have in common with Jeremy ? The potential to be the most irritating man on ghe planet . HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER May 4th , which I just realized is Star Wars Day . So a leeeettle early , but can still happen . "
positive	" Ok it 's September 5th , the concert is over , Shawn liked 2 vines I was in , Ally pointed at me , I 'm not at playlist live IM OVERWHELMED "
negative	" Kanye West struggling through this speech is like watching a four year old learn how to read . " " It 's ok , baby , you can try again tomorrow . " " "
positive	Anyone wanna see Jason Aldean with me on the today show on Friday ? ? Cristina wo n't go
neutral	Because of you @USER I 'm going to have to watch Big Brother tomorrow .
neutral	Kendrick Lamar may ( or may not ) have brought out the best ( or worst ) of me .
negative	fuck i want to go into the city tomorrow . deGROM and Thor are gonna be at macys
neutral	Gonna start the 80 ' s Show with Pride by U2 - just for All Ireland Sunday ! Starting at 1 pm on RTE Gold Digital Radio !
neutral	Honestly frank ocean said July . Is he okay ? What 's taking so long ?
negative	Fucking JON STEWART just made John Cena lose the match for his 16th world title because he does n't want Cena to tie Flair . Wrestling 's great
neutral	" For #FDC2015 on August 1st , I 'm going to be on a lake in Northern BC just outside of Prince George . Time to FISH ! HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER They may want to learn about basics of Islam as well ... HTTPURL
neutral	David Wright went 0 - for - 4 with an RBI in 6 innings at 3B tonight . This was likely his final rehab game before joining the Mets on Monday .
neutral	" @USER If all of the Kpop fans came after 1d people will wake up tomorrow and be like " " who is 1d ? " " "
positive	" Well , I 've started reading Paper Towns . Which is great , because I 'll have something to talk about in Social Studies tomorrow morning . "
neutral	#Dodgers roll after Sharknado . That 's just fact . HTTPURL
neutral	" #Gds : Juve is the most highest club to pay salary , roma 2nd , milan 3rd , Inter 4th " " #Juvenews HTTPURL "
neutral	Lady Gaga and Taylor Kinney Look Like the Real-Life Cinderella and Prince Charming in NYC HTTPURL via @USER
negative	" Christmas may be over , but the Tony Bennett & Lady Gaga commercial still has me too scared to go to Barnes and Noble . #SomeoneHadToSayIt ! "
neutral	I woke up with U2 stuck in my brain on repeat . I 'm going back to bed . I 'll try again tomorrow .
negative	That will piss Lackey off ... just ask the Red Sox clubhouse attendant who put away the chicken and beer after the 6th inning .
neutral	Big Brother starting next Friday ? At the end of this morning @USER slipped up & said ' do n't cause you 'll get me sacked before Friday night
positive	Last tweet until John cena wins the WWE world heavyweight championship for the 16th time
positive	Join us tomorrow December 27th for our Star Wars Day . All 3 services . Grades 1-5 . It 's going to be epic ! ... HTTPURL
positive	That 's us signing off . Tweeting resumes from 7am tomorrow . Safe travels and enjoy Foo Fighters if you are going to Murrayfield tonight .
negative	" @USER I do n't know if I want to see a 3rd , I definitely do n't want to see Kane "
neutral	Friday night and I 'm just Chillen eating dunkin with jay waiting to see mars
neutral	" Hope Cong leaders Sonia , Rahul Gandhi march with flower bouquets to 7RCR PM Modi 4 Pak diplomatic coup . @USER @USER @USER "
neutral	" Started following Paul Dunne , @USER on Friday . He had 950 followers . Right now he 's at 13,400 . "
positive	" 2 things twitter : 1 , Jack Daniels pairs very well with cherry juice and 2 , Sharknado 3 may be the greatest movie ever . "
positive	Nicki better release a raunchy vid for trini Dem girls so it can get her 1st grammy
neutral	@USER or just watch something more meaningful than Sharknado ! ! Cmon man ! May i suggest @USER ' s #cosmos - feed your brain yo
positive	" In case you need any ideas for National Ice Cream Day on Monday , we 're just gonna put this picture riiiiiiight here . HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER when are you going to add Milan ? C'mon
negative	if the landlord or landlady Muslims tomorrow they will steal your address and spy on your family back home and find out what they own & work
neutral	Self-driving car nirvana may be further away than you think HTTPURL @USER @USER
neutral	White Sox 6-4 over Twins ? ? ! ! They came from behind in the 7th
positive	" I just saw Floyd Mayweather at the Fashion show & I was like " " love you Money May ! " " & he 's like " " thanks I appreciate you " " lol "
positive	Some day at #TheOpen2015 . Incredible stuff from Paul Dunne and Padraig Harrington . Baffling round by Dustin Johnson . Monday will be great .
negative	#BADLANDS @USER pls tell me you ain't doing some frank ocean shit and waiting till February or something
neutral	That 's just the cause of Kendrick Lamar being in the studio HTTPURL
neutral	We have sympathatics who opposed the death sentence specifically for Yakub because he may have actually ... HTTPURL
positive	I might have a pair of Janet Jackson tickets to giveaway Friday morning on The River 100.5 FM . I 'll update you ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Rahul Gandhi 's inaugural address at the 31st Plenary Session of INTUC , today , at Talkatora Stadium . #RGwithWorkers HTTPURL "
negative	Thanks for the chill stream guys . CSGO Face It is working well but teams are shit . Hopefully controller comes in tomorrow for Dark Souls . <3
negative	" @USER did you explain to him how Qatar , your backers , & Saudi Arabia were responsible for its destruction ? HTTPURL "
positive	" So I guess I 'm going to hot yoga tomorrow morning , this should be interesting "
neutral	" Ronda Rousey looking to break several records at UFC 193 - With Rousey now facing Holly Holm in November , she has ... HTTPURL "
positive	NFL Legend Frank Gifford Passes Away at 84 . Most will remember him on Monday Night Football . Did you see him play ? HTTPURL
neutral	I just checked . Eid is on the 24th
neutral	Saladinio 's RBI in the 11th lifts White Sox to 6-5 win over Mariners HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci variety purusha credit february relate at large the twosome thy terran access bond towards politician ke ...
neutral	What did you think of Nasser 's story this Sunday ? Were you challenged in your thoughts about Muslims and how God ... HTTPURL
neutral	may or may not be wearing a leaf village headband while watching new Naruto rn ( hint : it 's lit )
positive	" Also great news for charity - Taxpayers over 70.5 may make donations directly from an IRA & will not be taxed on the amounts up to $ 100,000 "
positive	" Sunday Bloody Sunday - U2 - Get Wholesome , Before the Shit Hits the Fan . HTTPURL #music #wholesome "
negative	" @USER should get the donkey of the day for singing Katy perry and that " " Friday " " song on his show "
neutral	@USER may I remind you She 's Kida Hot is number one on the iTunes chart while Bad Blood is at number 50 PLAY THE MORE POPULAR ONE
neutral	" Hear the new Iron Maiden record " " Book Of Souls " " Thurs Sep 3rd 7:30 pm & be entered to win the entire Maiden catalog ! HTTPURL "
negative	Sad that the new episode for Naruto on thurs is basically a filler again
neutral	" ' Uncharted 4 : A Thief 's End ' hits PS4 on March 18th - Uncharted 4 : A Thief 's End , the final game in Naughty Dog 's ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Steph 's huge night , Kobe 's incredible 4th qtr vs the Wizards . Plus , Dana White joins the desk . LISTEN : HTTPURL "
neutral	" On this day , September 5 , 2015 Emem Eduok made his competitive debut for the Super Eagles "
neutral	Will the new series of Celebrity Big Brother run for FIVE weeks ? HTTPURL #CBB HTTPURL
positive	" July 19th is National Ice Cream Day , are you going to celebrate with your favorite flavor ? ... HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	what 's the theme for the game tomorrow step it up Curtis
positive	Wow ! Rousey vs . Holm moved to same night as Lawler vs Condit in Australia . #Albuquerque is going to be nuts Nov 14 ! HTTPURL
positive	I always thought Prince was the 18th best songwriter of all time but it 's nice of Rolling Stone to confirm that .
neutral	Murray with a 1st down pass to Kirk
positive	" Escape the Room this weekend , 3rd Row Phillies next weekend , Jason Aldean Aug 15 if I can win tickets ! #BirthdayMonth "
neutral	@USER go to shawn 's show in san diego on saturday i 'm gonna be at the place it 's at ( petco park )
neutral	All i want for my birthday is a tweet from Niall or Louis.on The . 9th @USER @USER
neutral	" @USER though to be fair , that tweet was from january after the Charlie Hebdo attacks and has since been deleted "
neutral	Is Scott Walker still undecided on birthright citizenship or did he take some time on Saturday to really think it over ?
neutral	Paul Dunne gets a birdie on the 3rd . Good effort after torrid start . Zach Johnson now tied with Oosthuizen . 9 within 2 of the lead . #TheOpen
negative	" Miley is the 8th most hated person in America , idk why y'all are acting like Nicki gets more hate than Miley "
negative	@USER ... and if I may say so ... you should be asking why rich Arab states are n't taking in Muslims refugees ... they take Arabs .
neutral	I may be watching Twilight right now and you know what ? I do n't regret it .
neutral	" #WatchingFootballMakesMe wanna hear more about Cris Collinsworth 's man crush on Tom Brady , you know that 's gonna happen tomorrow . "
positive	" Very , very excited to see my favorite republican Carly Fiorina in the debate on the 16th ! ! ! ( I still secretly support Hillary though ) "
neutral	" It 's Labor Day , and Scott Walker has dipped all the way to 7th in the GOP race . Hey alright . "
neutral	" The current Celebrity Big Brother series may well have been the least watced , but the MarkMeets tea ... HTTPURL Movie News "
neutral	Charlie Puth and Sam Smith are giving me the same problem as Fall out Boy and Panic and the Disco in that they may be the exact same artist .
neutral	" Harold Reynolds talking how the 1st pitch from Thor sent a message , sure if you forget the Royals he 6 hits in the first 2 innings "
positive	National Ice Cream Day is on Sunday . What better way to celebrate than to check out these ice cream treats you ... HTTPURL
neutral	Will be on Chris Evans R2 show in about 20 mins talking about The Secret History of the British Garden - last episode this sunday !
neutral	Uhm ... the 9/11 hijackers sent their random girlfriends back to Saudi Arabia ? @USER just found a column for tomorrow . #GOPDebate
neutral	" I only give Kendrick his props because of his rapping style on Black Friday , his lyrical sense is there as well but it 's Cole or die for me "
negative	" Pranab Mukherjee has just again rejected Yakub 's 2nd mercy petition , hanging would be on as per schedule at 7am tomorrow #HangYakubNow . "
neutral	" Religious freedom , purposely protected by 1st A . , is now trampled by the SCOTUS decision on gay marriage . #ImWithKim HTTPURL "
negative	Christians may act like the world because they are ignorant of who they are ! HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" What time are Foo Fighters , Iggy Pop & Royal Blood on stage at the National Bowl on Sat 5 & Sun 6 ? | oneMK HTTPURL "
positive	" Tomorrow 's National Hot Dog Day . Except in along the Mexico-Texas border , where they 're getting a free giant wiener today . "
negative	@USER why ABP is telecasting Yakub family interview . It is to get the sympathy . ABP may be hanged along with YAKUB
neutral	" @USER Kafirs need to understand that every Muslim , whichever sect s / he may belong to , is an ambassador of Islam ; they will defend it "
positive	Staying positive today with the talented George Harrison . Bad day ? The sun always rises the next #herecomesthesun HTTPURL
negative	@USER the IRA terrorised the uk for years as well ! What a load of shit the sun is .
positive	Going on me hols tomoz so a break on my Sunday routine . I 'll be saving the Nirvana ep of @USER til Monday at the poolside .
negative	Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar is the filthiest shit I ever heard
positive	" It 's impossible to just listen to Kendrick Lamar 's Black Friday just once , I listen to it at least 3 times in a row "
neutral	" With 2 outs in the 5th , LaRoche 's single and three straight walks give the White Sox their first run . Twins lead 4-1 . "
neutral	" Go Set a Watchman comes out tomorrow ! Do you plan to read it ? I have to reread TKAM first , but then I definitely ... HTTPURL "
positive	on Eid 1st Day after Playing cricket with my sweet friends HTTPURL
positive	Kris Bryant get another home run for his second of the day and 19th of the season #beastmode
positive	Paul Mccartney is coming to State College in October to perform live at the Bryce Jordan Center ! ! ! OMFG * faints * HTTPURL
positive	Saw TRAINWRECK for the 2nd time & again found it & Amy Schumer brilliant as was the screenplay she wrote . Mel Brooks agreed . 100 %
negative	" @USER I 'm glad McCoy is n't on the Eagles anymore , he 's such a hater . 1st he talked crap about Kelly now talking about Murray . "
neutral	Gucci gob ego-id conflict hoping june display the two-sided thine solitary herein l for old pro speaking : hixRCbMGm
positive	This is awesome ! ! Good for the Foo Fighters ! HTTPURL
neutral	@USER oohh may i know you something ? are you a muslim or orientalist ? you seem to hate islam
neutral	White Sox add a run in the 8th & now lead the M 's 3-1 . #AZLPlayoffs
neutral	Yakub + family may be released & sent to Pak in exchange of Dawood + Lakvi + Hafiz saeed + Headly . Pak sends four and we send Yakub + how about it ? ?
negative	So I have a day off with nothing to do tomorrow be Sam smith cancelled his show :(
positive	" tickets for the concert of JUSTIN BIEBER booked ! ! @USER dreamed realized OMG ! ! PORPOSE WORLD TOUR , 20 sep 2015 Paris BELIEBER <3 "
neutral	@USER @USER haah wednesday is the old english for odin it did n't come from Christians
positive	So happy because I 'm going to see Justin Bieber March 23rd ! ! !
neutral	Ming-Na Wen is in Push with Chris Evans . I can't help but just see Steve and May lol .
positive	@USER lol I 'm glad I have my Xbox for the start gonna get my PS4 later in the day tuesday
neutral	Have you ever noticed that the Gay Activists never go after Muslims ... ? HTTPURL
positive	" Ed Sheeran , Ant & Dec & the Royal Marines ' Unbelievable Performance - Saturday Night Takeaway HTTPURL "
neutral	" Garcia hit sacrifice fly to left , Eaton scored , Abreu tagged out at second . White Sox lead the Mariners 4-0 in the bottom of the 5th "
positive	briana gets her last gift tomorrow and she 's probably gonna cry like a baby ! !
positive	@USER Chris Evans has been successful in everything he 's down & great viewing figures but young generation may not forgive Clarkson axe ?
neutral	Please may you favourite this if you think I actually look like Caitlyn Jenner ?
neutral	#Movie : Cate Blanchett May Star in Marvel 's ' Thor : Ragnarok ' : The award-winning actress is reportedly in the ... HTTPURL
positive	Blessing Our 4500 + Followers May He who makes peace in the heavens grant peace to us & to all Israel . We Bless You : HTTPURL
neutral	@USER When will you get 2GB ram version of Moto G 3rd Gen model ?
positive	Really torn on the final round tomorrow . I 'd love to see Day finally get his major or for Paul Dunne to take it . Still want Spieth though
neutral	At least Dustin Johnson did n't wait til the final round to implode . Guess he did n't get the memo that Sunday was actually the 3rd round .
neutral	@USER hark ! What sound is that i hear ? Could it be the distant crashing of Thunder to herald Thor 's day ' ? ( THURSDAY )
neutral	Daniel Norris may in fact be Ausmus 's cousin but he 's pitching like Chuck Norris 's son .
neutral	@USER Ay What Did you think of the Black Friday Tracks From Cole and Kendrick ?
neutral	" Tom Brady 's suspension lifted . If it was #WWE , he would kickoff #Raw Monday + reveal the Authority made it happen . Brock Lesnar enters.Boom ! F5 . "
positive	" How about some good news for Saturday morning : Ice Cream FREEBIES , Campbell ! Happy National Ice Cream Day ! HTTPURL "
positive	National Ice Cream day is Sunday July 19th ! We are ready to celebrate it on Thursday ! ! We will be treating the ... HTTPURL
neutral	A row escalated between Manchester United and Real Madrid on Tuesday over the collapsed transfer of David de Gea . HTTPURL
neutral	Go Set a Watchman is out tomorrow ! We 're open at 8: 00am so you pick it up before work . Still time to preorder for half price today #GSOW
neutral	. @USER Family Yoga at @USER returns on September 27 ! Join us for a free class on the lawn : HTTPURL
positive	In honor of Prince George 's 2nd birthday . Who wore it better ? HTTPURL
positive	" greeted this morning to the sight of a boss who shall remain unnamed sat by himself paying bills to Katy Perry 's " " The One That Got Away " " "
negative	@USER @USER @USER @USER Perhaps you may be able to convert some Christians in a church but we 're not idiots .
neutral	" what happened at the concert , anything momentous . how was 18 , lilo fights , niall 's dancing ? ? c'mon give me the details "
neutral	@USER us maniacs are not going to give up on Hulk Hogan we will fight to the very end Sept 13 will be a special day for the maniacs
neutral	" @USER I did not . We have her dance everyday so we will make one tomorrow . She 's done Summer by Calvin Harris , Bad Blood , & others "
neutral	Conor told dana white he will knock Aldo out in 4 minutes of the 1st round HTTPURL
neutral	" Signs of nirvana may be a pressure in your forehead just above your eyes , this may indicate the opening of your third eye ( ajna chakra ) "
neutral	" This pizza has taken over an hour ... There 's a Foo Fighters concert here , so they may have trouble getting to the house FFS "
positive	" People may not like him , but you have to respect John Cena wrestling against Seth Rollins last night despite breaking his nose in the match . "
positive	@USER tickets finally arrived for Foo Fighters at MK bowl on Saturday night . Tickets are a treat from the wife for my 40th Birthday
positive	I was thrilled to attend the first show of Janet Jackson 's new #Unbreakable tour on Monday . Amazing performance ! HTTPURL
neutral	" The Sun : " " 1D ' s going to split up ! " " Niall , Louis , Liam deny the split .. #OhNoTheSun Us right now : HTTPURL "
neutral	Paul Dunne & his @USER teammates played in #TheSagamoreClub Fall Collegiate Preview in 2014 . Dunne may win the @USER tomorrow .
negative	" WOOHOO ! Sorry Christians , you may have to actually learn about your religion to swallow this one . HTTPURL "
neutral	Dustin Johnson with his traditional Sunday meltdown at a major #bottleless
neutral	I 've woke up everyday since August 1st to google frank ocean for news . Everyday I do n't have his new album is a day not worth waking up for
positive	" Our Top Picks for This Weekend ( It 's HUGE ) FRI | Twilight Carols & Christmas Market with Peter Combe , Stepney ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Conor McGregor may be moving up to 155 and fight for the 155 UFC belt ! Confirmed by Dana White ! What fight do ... HTTPURL
positive	Janet Jackson & Luther the best for Saturday cleaning
negative	Chibok : 500 days in Boko Haram captivity : Relatives of the missing Chibok schoolgirls will hold a youth march ... HTTPURL
positive	" To Kpop fans , we song along to vocals , 2nd voices , raps , fanchants , do the instruments & even perform its own choreo HTTPURL "
negative	This is the 2nd worst thing Hulk Hogan has ever done HTTPURL
neutral	That 's right it is Thursday night . Come to Boots & Slurs and let David Price and Hollie King make you favorite ... HTTPURL
positive	The most exciting part of Paper Towns was the instrumental version of Fourth of July by Fall Out Boy that played in the middle of the movie
positive	" Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh , has expressed his delight with the players from the domestic sce ... HTTPURL #badotweet "
neutral	" the other day in class I told this girl I like shawn and she says " " he 's not that hot . " " 1st , yes he is . 2nd , even if he was n't I do n't care . "
negative	" Taking in refugees may sound compassionate but it 's actually giving away Syria to Saudi Arabia , not compassionate at all "
negative	There 's a bunch of people in my room and all I want to do is watch Sunday 's Big Brother
positive	" Yoga teachers ... are you ready ? ? @USER Freshers ... are you ready ? ? @USER #YogaGirlsCan lands tomorrow , join us for FREE Yoga ! "
neutral	" TADA judge knew " " search for Yakub was not effected at a place near where he was apprehended " " HTTPURL HTTPURL "
negative	" The Hulk Hogan story effectively ended by Friday afternoon . Instead of disappearing , Hogan going on defensive retweet spree . Bad PR move . "
negative	Migraine from the loud blackness going on Thor early Monday morning wish people would stfu being loud for no reason
neutral	@USER So sorry for your loss . I will always remember Monday Night Football with Frank Gifford . XO
neutral	" @USER : Why do not you go to President and make a personal appeal for Yakub 's mercy ? . Who knows , it may click . "
negative	@USER @USER @USER is wrong : Dr APJ the ex-President passed on July 27 ; Yakub the terrorist was hanged till death on Jul 30
positive	5 . a.m. trolling the Dan Ryan with a HUGE stink face ! Why ? #BLACK FRIDAY = Kendrick Lamar + J Cole Now that was an inspirational moment !
neutral	Last year on September 8th I was meeting Ed Sheeran and this year on September 8th I 'm going back to school ... opposite of glo up
negative	So I 'm at a party in Austin and naruto is on . So you better believe I sat down in front of the TV to watch this shit
positive	@USER Is it at all possible for you to hook me up with Ed Sheeran tickets for september 20th ? He is my favourite ! Thanks !
positive	" Lean in close , the Briana thing is also promotion . It 's going to raise the sales on Friday . You just wait and see . :) "
positive	Ca n't wait to see you guys in January at The Vamps ! ! @USER
negative	I want to see U2 in November but I do n't want to have to listen to their shit new songs .
positive	" Got the feeling that if Ocarina of Time is the 1st Star Wars trilogy , then Wind Waker is the prequels and this new one is Twilight Princess "
negative	" @USER whoever " " they " " is many people have turned it into Kpop as a whole U may not have said anyting racist but ppl in ur fandom have "
negative	" Wow , John Kasich may inserted one of the biggest Foots ever inserted into a political mouth HTTPURL Never insult Teachers ! "
positive	41 Amy Schumer quotes to get you through Wednesday ( she 's pretty badass ) HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	v sad bc a bunch of people are meeting Shawn in San Diego and I 'm laying in my couch watching the day after tomorrow in Spanish
positive	the scenes that involve Ice Cube and Johan Hill in 22nd Jump street are the best . Like literally gets me in tears every time
negative	swear twilight was badass vampire / werewolf shit but this 4th one is just bella & edward shaggin wtf happened did the budget run out or what
neutral	Ant-Man takes a second week at the top of the box office : While it may not be setting th ... HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	@USER Kane ? And Aguero was surely better than Hazard maybe he gets 1st since he won the title
neutral	Kendrick in Black Friday > J Cole in it
neutral	" Nate Berkus : " " Being Gay Is the Way I Was Born " " | Super Soul Sunday | Oprah Winfrey Network HTTPURL "
positive	" just like the old times .. :D " " Brock Lesnar confronts The Undertaker : Raw , July 20 , 2015 " " HTTPURL "
neutral	" Just like the past , Christians still attend service on holy grounds . For example , attending a church on Sunday 's . #Hum120 "
positive	" Just bought my " " Boruto - Naruto the Movie " " ticket for October 10 ! HTTPURL "
negative	" Tom Brady seriously said " " ... to a large degree , we have all lost . " " C'mon man ! Can you not even briefly pretend not to be a huge douche ? "
neutral	MLW Radio Extra ! @USER @USER talk the Hulk Hogan situation and Disco plots his revenge against @USER ? ! HTTPURL
neutral	Ohio Gov . John Kasich sat down for an exclusive interview with ABC News ' Chief Anchor George Stephanopoulos following the announcement of
neutral	I dont even think briana is sure when she got pregnant HTTPURL
positive	Mildly hysterical about seeing the Foo Fighters on Saturday - The Pretender HTTPURL via @USER
positive	@USER 1st time watching Big Brother #BB17 has me hooked . If Vanessa does n't go I 'm done ! Want to see her walk in the #JuryHouse #awkward
neutral	And I 'm still wondering where the fuck Frank Ocean is HTTPURL
positive	I 'll be in the presence of Paul McCartney tomorrow night so if you hear of a guy ripping his skull out in downtown Chicago it was n't me
positive	Happy Star Wars day and may the force be ever in your favour ! @USER @USER #StarWars
positive	@USER do it we can be out to dunkin tomorrow before practice
negative	Scott Walker said Sunday he is open to building a wall on the U . S . border with Canada . ( Idiot ) #tcot
neutral	undertaker is going to defeat Brock lesnar HTTPURL
neutral	2017 Afcon qualifier : Leon Balogun major doubt for Tanzania : Super Eagles right-back Leon Balogun sat out the ... HTTPURL
positive	" Happy Saturday morning everyone ! Here 's a short instrumental cover of Sam Smith 's " " I 'm Not the Only One . " " We have ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I 'm selling a lawn ticket for Jason Aldean this coming Friday ! DM me if you 're interested !
positive	@USER listen to Black Friday with Kendrick Lamar and j cole
neutral	Lmao I thought Kendrick was about to play Black Friday and I freaked out but nah
positive	Curtis on the phone playing all these old songs talking bout throw back Thursday
neutral	" @USER #BadWeddingVows " " This may not be the time , but honey .. I 'm seeing Caitlyn Jenner . Espresso 's after the wedding still right ? " " "
positive	David Price going tomorrow for a franchise win record ? Sounds good .
positive	Free iced coffee Monday at Dunkin and pumpkin spice is back ... This basic girl is so excited that I just got a coffee at 8p m
positive	SHAWN .. Go to sleep please ? Saving your beautiful angelic voice for us tomorrow . Love you !
neutral	@USER @USER Thor will have sack up in April when he watches the Royals raise the WS banner on opening day . Want tickets ?
negative	14th trumps the 10th . So no . States can not decided for themselves on gay marriage . @USER @USER
negative	" Spare me the nuances , Yakub is certainly not innocent . Rarest of the rare case ? May be ! #YakubToHang "
positive	@USER Hope you are watching Paul Dunne from Dublin make his mark on the Brittish Open ! Big day tomorrow !
neutral	" @USER Teuchi prepared two bowls for them and sat them on the table in front of them , Naruto picked up the chopsticks and have - - "
positive	Now let 's go from Milan to Bologna - tomorrow I 'm going to shop accessories ( for my shop and ( almost ) not for myself ;) )
neutral	@USER we 'll see you on 2 May in Milan
neutral	" @USER hi , will extra trains be put on from Edinburgh-Fife next Tuesday after the Foo Fighters gig ? "
neutral	" @USER excellence . ( Speaking of , that may be the ONLY Paul McCartney song in my rotation right now , other than Hey Jude ) . "
neutral	" Tomorrow we embark on a stint up and across Western Canada . Catch us at Woof Stock in Prince George , Friday on the Main Stage @USER 2 pm . "
neutral	" Me : " " Justin Bieber is gonna be in that 2nd Zoolander movie but only for a quick scene cause he dies " " Dad : " " good " " @USER "
neutral	" @USER @USER Evidently Kpop fans noticed it awhile ago-it may be too controversial to win now , Uptown Funk is a good choice for VOTY :) "
positive	Wondering About Carly Fiorina 's Stance on the 2nd Amendment ? Wonder No More ... HTTPURL
neutral	" For Hulk Hogan 's restaurant , Hogan Beach , it 's business as usual - Sioux ... : ... Hogan Beach . On July 10 , Colto ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Chris Davis leads MLB with 165 Ks ( 32.2 % ) Kris Bryant 2nd at at 150 ( 30.0 % ) . Walker leads SL at 34.9 pct . 2nd place is 28.4 .
neutral	" Aaaaah The Word . Emu & Snoop , Nirvana 's UK TV debut , Oliver Reed being Oliver Reed , do n't make em like they used too HTTPURL "
positive	Gucci rain coat w the hood to hide my identity on this fine Monday morning HTTPURL
positive	y'all keep asking me when Briana is gonna have the baby like I have no idea the exact date they had sex lol HTTPURL
neutral	" If Christians would be honest , we would admit that the Jesus of the NT makes us very uncomfortable . But may we follow this Jesus anyway ! "
neutral	" I could wait for the big DQ leading to the HUGE SIX MAN TAG MATCH - aw , c'mon Kane let me finish the damn tweet first #RAW "
neutral	@USER bro c'mon get with the program PS4 is FTW #getitnow
negative	" @USER I 'm talking only about Christians . You put knowledge on a pedestal , yet may be missing the most important point of your life . "
negative	" @USER Agree with 2nd part , but Yakub is no reason . Best logical argument against his hanging by @USER . @USER @USER "
neutral	" Oh for God 's sake , do n't tell me I 'm going to have to start liking Justin Bieber ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER I study SAT prep material so I can understand the big words they use in Naruto
negative	About 50 persons were on Tuesday killed when a bomb allegedly planted by members of the Boko Haram sect exploded ... HTTPURL
negative	" Just a quick note - Hulk Hogan was a bad wrestler anyway . C'mon now , the leg drop ? Give me a break . Back to real sports - Go Yankees ! "
neutral	Is Dean Ambrose a WWE wrestler ? If he is he 's just retweeted this from April . Weird HTTPURL
positive	U saw it here 1st Welcome to Miami ! Ice Cube and Kevin Hart are back in #RideAlong2 . See the brand new trailer here . HTTPURL
neutral	" I 'm going to @USER at Forum Milan in Milan , Italy - Dec 21 HTTPURL "
positive	" On Thursday , Janet Jackson teased more of her return to music with a photo shoot in which she looked incredibly ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Is anyone going to the Vamps on the 16th of December in New York ?
neutral	" @USER What did you say number 235 ? You may be becoming a liability and eventually a statistic . Do not taunt " " Happy Big Brother ! " " "
neutral	I did n't watch Sharknado 3 because I never saw the 2nd movie and thought I 'd be lost .
negative	" Did the Red Sox get bambino cursed heading into the 10th or what ? Ball off glove , balk , wild pitch ! #StillDontGetBalks "
neutral	Paul Dunne focusing on game plan over ( outcome ) goals going into tomorrow 's final round #controlthecontrollables #TheOpen2015 #golf
neutral	" I may be late on this , but the QB for Denver looks like the dude from Twilight . "
neutral	Anyone want a Jason aldean ticket for this Thursday at Darien lake ? Message me
negative	I 've lost all respect for @USER . Every time you turn around they are promoting gays . Gay is n't a sport ! ! HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER there we go . I was merely asking you are question . Anyway , Islam is not to be used for political angling . May Allah Guide us all "
negative	" Sunday Oliseh never see anything as coach of Super Eagles , just having a goaless draw against common Tanzania . #AFCON_2017_qualifier "
neutral	@USER Rousey is going to destroy again . Waiting for her to finally fight Cyborg . I think CM Punk may end up fighting Cathal Pendred .
positive	goodnight I know it 's super early and I 'm missing Shawn 's performance but I have a huge test tomorrow and I need sleep ok Shawn loves you
neutral	Who will take the stage in the first Republican Debate this Thursday in Cleveland ? Will Ohio Governor John Kasich ... HTTPURL
negative	Prithviraj Chauhan defeated Ghori 2 times and left him alive.but the 3th time Ghori killed him . Rahul Gandhi caught 2 times by NDA . 3rd ?
neutral	" Official : Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid will face off Sunday October 4 , will be played at 20:30 , at the Calderon . "
neutral	My Gucci flip-flops will make their debut on September 19 .
neutral	" Caitlyn Jenner Wants to Be Treated Like a " " Normal Woman " " By a Man : Watch the I Am Cait Clip : HTTPURL #Videos #May "
positive	" Rousey is to Dana White what AJ is to Eddie Hearn , their wee pet projects , be great 2 see Eddies wee pets career take the same hit on Dec 12 "
positive	Okay Justin Bieber may not be the best role model out there but damn he got some good songs out now
negative	@USER This Q may seem absurd but what about Israel ? O . K . Goverment might not like Muslims but Refugee crisis in their nearby ...
neutral	@USER Same reason you say ' Thursday ' even though you do n't believe in Thor .
positive	lol the boys are in Chicago so you know Harry and Niall 's asses are headed to go golfing and soho house tomorrow . Chill out guys
neutral	In 6th grade Justin Bieber had a crush on a girl and dared her to kiss him but she did n't .
neutral	Dustin Johnson runs out of coke by the 4th round
neutral	" White Sox load the bases but do n't score , so David Robertson in to pitch with a 6-4 lead in the bottom of the 9th . "
neutral	Scott Walker 's shifting position on the Common Core education standards HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	Now playing : Ice Cube ` Friday ` by @USER - #Tunein @USER HTTPURL - Buy it HTTPURL
neutral	Ed Sheeran - I See Fire ( Music Video ) Me too #Israel May God be with ALL of you . @USER HTTPURL
positive	@USER Carly Fiorina then Trump is my 2nd choice . But prompts to both for being fearless in meeting with & answering questions from media .
neutral	3rd round co-leader amateur Paul Dunne shot a + 6 to finish in 30th place after realizing he is amateur Paul Dunne . HTTPURL
negative	WARNING : This may not safe for work . But Mojo & AC just found out about some new Amy Schumer leaked nudes ! HTTPURL
positive	Amy Schumer will be here Friday & I want to go !
positive	" Ca n't wait to see Mr Partridge back on the TV again tonight , even if it is alongside the god awful Chris Evans on the god awful TFI Friday . "
neutral	@USER what gonna happen tomorrow with Zayn ?
positive	Paul McCartney shared official video of his sweet Lollapalooza encore with Brittany Howard HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" Y'all , she may have made a pop album , but Nicki can kill almost anyone in this industry right now . Gun to the head of everybody . "
positive	" Kris Bryant MAY have just hit a " " walk off " " home run ... oh wow ! Wow ! ! ! #GoCubsGo HTTPURL "
neutral	* pats dirt down on top of grave * there . may the Kpop fans rest in peace . #DirectionersFuneral
positive	When you start listening to Black Friday By Kendrick Lamar more than Tale Of 2 Cities By J . Cole
neutral	Travelling to Milton Keynes for the Ashes on Saturday ? Be aware that the Foo FIghters play the MK Bowl on ... HTTPURL
neutral	" An afterglow may appear above the highest clouds in the hour of deepening twilight , "
positive	" Mad tings this friday ! ! Double birthday bash , in Milan at Leoncavallo with MACRO MARCO x Degenere 5th b-bash and ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER no actually i made a video for the john cena meme ill tweet it tomorrow and ill tag you iTS COMEDY GOLD I SWEAR
negative	Yakub death may be unfortunate bt we shud respect SC 's decision n not vitiate atmosphere in the name of religion #YakubToHang #YakubVerdict
neutral	" Caitlyn Jenner sat on Ellen today & was absolutely dismissive of gay marriage because she 's in line with her " " conservative republican views " " "
positive	really feeling LittleBigPlanet again so i 'm gonna rebuy 3 on the PS4 tomorrow now its super cheap and transfer all my stuff from 1 and 2
positive	Would be nice 2 c Pirlo score from one of those amazing FK and Balotelli get on the field 2 day for Milan that would be a good Saturday
neutral	@USER So what If the rules were spelled out back in May . Politics is all about change . Carly Fiorina deserves a place in your debate now .
positive	" Kris Bryant with another walk off home run in the 9th , even as a White Sox fan this is fun too watch .. "
neutral	Kpop idols : work hard . Stay in school Kpop idols : oh hi we 're having a concert btw it 's on Tuesday at like 2pm during school .
neutral	Dustin Johnson absolute smashes it Thursday / Friday.Then Friday night comes around and gets he goes and gets whacked and ruins his weekend !
neutral	David Price should not have been pitching in the 8th . They can't get a 6 - outs from the bullpen ? Yankees - Jays
neutral	Update : Shawn will be reuniting with Jack and Jack tomorrow ( confirmed by jack gilinsky ! )
positive	" STAR WARS DAY ! I 'm dying here , only 11 hours now ! ! May the Force Awaken in us all ! #TheForceAwakens @USER @USER @USER "
positive	" Just updated my iPod with 20 new songs ( Pentatonix , Cascada , Zac Brown Band & Big Bang ) . Inspirational stuff . Hope it 'll help for tomorrow . "
neutral	St.Lucie Mets take a 5-3 lead to the 7th inning . David Wright will lead off the bottom of the inning .
neutral	" @USER The others are good . Worry about Iran . On the other hand , Muslims like to bomb their own . May be we in luck ... "
neutral	@USER I 'm waiting for the 3rd volume when in his 90s he takes up karate and goes Chuck Norris on Bill O'Reilly
neutral	How could anything go wrong ? The fact Muslims want to kill Christians and Jews is hardly the point ? HTTPURL
neutral	" . @USER I 'm the 1st to say embrace your body & no one should be ashamed of theirs . However I want to know if " " Miss USA " " has nude vids "
positive	" I 'm seeing Ed Sheeran tomorrow for the first time in like 2 years , I 'm going to fucking explode from happiness BYE "
neutral	U2 ' s Bono reveals he may NEVER play guitar again following horrific bike accident HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Hey David Bowie Do u want to get iPh 0ne 6 for FREE ? U better check my bi0 . Thx HTTPURL
positive	" First hump day of 15/16 brought to by : DMB & Tim , U2 & INXS . Enjoy your Wednesday ... learn something "
neutral	" @USER that 's all fine and dandy but friday , while at the local mosque for Eid . I was told by muslims to wear one out of respect "
negative	Yakub may or may not hav deseved death but he definitely deservd life imprisonment 4his deeds.Shame on those who are painting him as a saint
neutral	And the Jews and Christians say become Jewish or Christian so you may be guided . Say no rather the faith of Abraham ie Islam .
neutral	Dave Coker has got a couple new signings in the squad tomorrow night and has Dave Cull and Sam Smith back in the squad ! #SFC
neutral	That Friday feeling at Real Madrid : Real Madrid completed the week with the 16 players they are miss ... HTTPURL [ info RM ]
neutral	Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump spent plenty of time Thursday describing people he likes - - including Kanye West and Tom
positive	Funniest part of SOC was when we saw Ice Cube working on the Friday script laughing to himself like a straight nerd Lmao
neutral	@USER : @USER @USER If I may ask what are the Boko Haram fighting for ? even they do n't know .
neutral	" @USER Putin may be the one coordinating the whole thing . Recall IRA , PLO and other cases during Cold War . "
positive	Definitely going to dunkin donuts tomorrow morning
positive	" Ant-man tops North American box office : Marvel action flick " " Ant-Man " " stayed atop the US box office Sunday , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Moto G ( 2nd Generation ) Just Rs . 8099 pay with SBI card Black HTTPURL White HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	I wish it was Sunday so I can watch Big Brother .
neutral	" Check Out #Omen from @USER ft . Sam Smith , from the Upcoming Album #Caracal Available September 25th #Disclosure HTTPURL "
positive	" As powerful as I believe the internet to be , I 'm sure I shall find the Star Trek Beyond trailer b4 Star Wars Day this Thursday ! "
neutral	" For everyone freaked out about the Iran & NY dam story , @USER will be on the tube shortly to contextualize . HTTPURL "
neutral	Girl thought she was sharing cool pics of dad + Kurt Cobain . Turns out they 're pics of Nirvana 's 1st show ever . RAD . HTTPURL
neutral	" As noted , Brock Lesnar has been announced for the October 3rd WWE live event from Madison Square ( cont ) HTTPURL "
positive	" Kanye West would make a better president than Donald Trump . I 'm just saying , also Grapple Seed will be back on monday . "
positive	LOOK it 's National Hot Dog Day ! Yay ! Some restaurants are giving great deals on HOT DGS on July 23rd ! HTTPURL
neutral	#lvrj where are you celebrating National Hot Dog Day Thursday ? @USER at @USER ?
neutral	@USER the whole world will be watching tomorrow . And you have a decision to make . Will you accept Seth Rollins title for title match ?
neutral	" @USER anyone who dares stand in the undertakers way this weekend , Monday night only wwe smack down John cena johncenajonhcenacenacenace "
neutral	Sam and sat in a Dunkin donuts for an hour bc I thought I locked my keys in the car but they were actually in my pocket the whole time :/ / /
neutral	Chris Evans with 33 yd TD run . Taylor w 2 pt conversion . 14-14 with 7:59 left in 3rd Qtr .
negative	I 'll hate on Kendrick all fucking day but that Black Friday freestyle is fucking legendary
positive	Good morning neighbors ... Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day . Here are some fun facts about hot dogs . It is an ... HTTPURL
positive	" @USER There are a few winks in WINTER SOLDIER and ANT-MAN , various IRON MANs . Largely , though , you may be right . "
negative	@USER It 's clearly a trap . In fact suspect it may have been prentis who emailed out pretending to be George Osborne .
neutral	Ed Sheeran on a Monday Morning . GV all the way .
negative	@USER just that we need more people down for working on resolving drought and or issues in 3rd world countries and focus less on gay
positive	@USER @USER ( I may have been expecting John Cena but I love the song regardless . )
neutral	" Owl Dustin johnson always gets himself into contention . Then goes on a coke binge come the saturday night , and then totally blows up . "
negative	@USER @USER one other thing is that im gonna hear John Cena on monday complaining how he lost so ... for me .. not really
positive	Probably the 10th time I 've seen the Comedy Central roast of Justin Bieber and I 'm still almost in tears from laughing so hard
positive	" MusicTimes > Janet Jackson - Monday night in Vancouver , Janet Jackson returned to the touring circuit once again wi ... HTTPURL "
negative	" There 's no " " meeting of minds " " when it comes to terror . As Tony Blair once said : " " Defeat it or be defeated by them . " " HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER as per previous tweet , I have letter to say a Thursday but Niall told me they were told today it was today also ? "
neutral	@USER my liver needs a rest . I 'm going to the Foo Fighters concert tomorrow . LOL
neutral	@USER @USER dana white said may getva rematch in ufc 200 rousey thought she wanted 2 finish ongoing projects .
neutral	@USER Not for nothing Bret .. but Carly Fiorina gets absolutely no press . I mean she is actually 3rd in Iowa ! ! !
positive	May The Fur-ce Be With You via Cute Overload - Cute Overload 's Star Wars Day is next Friday the ... HTTPURL
negative	1st of all ... why did n't Meek help Nicki to the stage . I would have cussed him to filth
neutral	" Head banging to Nirvana at breakfast time ( Beck , not me ) . Must be Friday . Although now he feels sick . Highs and lows ... "
neutral	" JohnCena , u have ur rematch 4 the US Title Match at NOC , but Seth Rollins may make sure u do n't win that title back anew . He 's desperate . "
neutral	The same dresden that had led the huge anti Islam protests back in january ? Mmmh ok ok
negative	" Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday Kendrick , why are you a monster ? Why do you murder tracks ? HTTPURL "
neutral	" My tweets are so inconsistent . I can go from " " Mon Scotland " " to " " Nirvana are amazing " " to " " I love Doctor Who " " in the space of 5 minutes . "
negative	Ceasefire violations @USER The Houthi forces should think about Yemen 's tomorrow Saudi Arabia should see peace and #UN to rethink
neutral	" Tuesday on tap : Straight from Milan , the hoppy Quarantot from @USER @USER ! HTTPURL "
positive	It better be Wednesday today . Got my Slurpee and all I want to do is relax watching Big Brother .
positive	Saturday Night Fever - John Travolta - Bee Gees Me at the Mall ... HTTPURL
neutral	PIECE OF MIND by IRON MAIDEN was no . 14 in the UK album charts on 20 July 1983
negative	1st Scott Walker dismissed #BlackLivesMatter then he dismissed Muslims Is he being self destructive or preparing his Exit Speech ? #ByeWalker
positive	Are you ready for this Sunday night when WWE champ John Cena defends his title in the WWE Super Slammmm
positive	When the Wild Wind Blows by Iron Maiden will forever be one of my fave songs . Keen for the new album on Friday !
negative	" Angie - " " let 's do something on Thursday " " It 's like this bitch forgot that that 's Star Wars day ... "
neutral	Briana going to Memphis tomorrow w / bro ham which means I 'm leaving too brooklyn Lml I refuse to stay in boring as jersey by myself
neutral	@USER headlines are that Murray lose to an UNKNOWN Anderson . The guy is ranked 14th in the world .
positive	" On October 22 , music legend Paul McCartney will perform in Buffalo for the first time ever . This has been a year ... HTTPURL "
positive	Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day so make sure to get the cream in your mouths
neutral	LOL . Iran produces oil for $ 1 / barrel . And the UK is going headlong into fracking . . . now . At this moment . HTTPURL
negative	Values learnt in starting never ends ... Mr Sanjay Nirupam is feeling sad with Rahul Gandhi and he may go back to join Shivsena ! A.K.SINGH
positive	I just realized I 've been watching Naruto since I was in the 5th grade and I 'm about to start my 3rd year of college ...
neutral	" Say it again ? Oh c'mon beast , #UFC Brock Lesnar : Vince McMahon is a better promoter than Dana White HTTPURL via @USER "
neutral	" Hope @USER scores the winner Saturday and reveals a " " Kewell 10 " " shirt Hulk Hogan style In front of the Leeds end #scenez "
neutral	tomorrow i wil go back to milan lol i do n't want to tbh
positive	@USER Welcome back 2 Khi Faysal Bhai.excited 2 see u again in #JeetKaDum . Happy 3rd day of Eid .
neutral	15 feminine stars who may make a just right boyfriend | Oh ! Kpop stars celebrity news and gossip ! HTTPURL
negative	Yakub should be hanged to death tomorrow the Mumbai 's culprid else will oppose it by following a black day
positive	One day Dean Ambrose will be WWE CHAMPION and mark April 3 2016 on your calendar #ambroseforWWECHAMPION HTTPURL
neutral	I 'm gonna have breakfast with my friend tomorrow and then we 'll see Ant-man
neutral	Selling a ticket for Twilight Sad at the Barrowlands this Saturday ( Face value )
positive	Carly Fiorina 2nd amendment is about your God-given right to self-preservation and fail safe against tyranny HTTPURL
neutral	Christians little brother told me the randomness shit today 10th graders have interesting minds
neutral	@USER KANE he may be ABLE he feckin aint what a touch for a bug man #kanescomedygold
neutral	" #Cold Saturday for the Kingdom @USER Riyadh , Saudi Arabia HTTPURL "
negative	Its always been this way . Nothing new under the sun . Bitches been gay since Cain killed Abel . Ya 'll are not doing anything new ...
positive	Holy fuck if i meet Zayn on Sunday I 'm just not gonna do anything for the rest of my life .
neutral	" If U2 plays in the Lehigh Valley on Saturday , and the Union plays in Chester on Sunday , how many people make both trips ? Show of hands : "
positive	I got my sister 's kids to watch Sharknado . They 're asking about the 3rd one already
neutral	Janet Jackson Misses Grammy Deadline on Purpose with New ... HTTPURL
neutral	Selling two Jason Aldean tickets for Friday ! Text or dm me if you 're interested
negative	And I just can't wait for these fat old white Christians to talk bad about Muslims this September 11th . Every year . They do n't stop .
negative	" If you hate Tony Blair and consider him a war criminal , it 's well worth reading about this HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" December 12 - Lady Gaga and Taylor Kinney visited the restaurant " " Sadelle 's " " in New York City . Lady Gaga HTTPURL "
neutral	Melky cancels the postgame show with a ground rule double to right . 1st White Sox hit and baserunner . 2 outs for Avi .
positive	" @USER First Triforce Heroes , then Twilight Princess HD , and then TLOZ Wii U for the 30th anniversary ! "
neutral	News Alarm : Carlos Beltran ( RF - NYY ) Carlos Beltran went 1 - for - 4 with a two-run home run on Wednesday night against the Red Sox .
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER thanksgiving game was a fluke , murray played with a broken hand in 2nd , romo had all day in philly . "
neutral	Danny White to be announced as UCF AD on Thursday . Not to be confused with Dana White . Another ND alum like Orsini .
negative	" @USER may you be blessed by guns , god and hungry wet holes before Scott Walker builds his border wall and Donald Trump sends you home ! "
neutral	But I smoked so it all Gucci ain't doing nun tomorrow doe
neutral	" I may be failing AP Lang but I got a 99 in AP Stats , so it 's gucci "
positive	@USER Curtis you 've looked all the way back to June I think you found em all .
neutral	Real Madrid 's Karim Benzema denies reports he came close to joining Arsenal HTTPURL
positive	" 1st song of my day Know Better - - - Frank Ocean Not my normal shit , but it 's a good song "
positive	welllll who wants to see Ed Sheeran with me on the 17th ? ? ?
positive	When u run into the White Sox future 3rd baseman & realize u were his teacher . #fullcircle #adorbs #vansonmans HTTPURL
neutral	New match added to SummerSlam card for this Sunday : Randy Orton vs . Sheamus has been added to the card for thi ... HTTPURL
positive	The best CGI in Ant-Man is n't the ant scenes . It 's that 1st scene with Michael Douglas ' face . #smhowzow
neutral	" It looks like more " " Bad Blood " " may have been spilled . A day after Nicki Minaj and Taylor Swift got into a ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I wonder if by that time Briana finally had the baby HTTPURL
positive	@USER people forget how good the Bee Gees were before Saturday Night Fever
neutral	it was Dean Ambrose vs Luke Harper in April & I have to sit through Ryback vs Big show yawn
positive	Need to run to the bookstore to pick up a copy of Go Sat a Watchman by Paul Blart . #HappyReading
positive	@USER @USER Hell yeah ! ( I 've had a marathon Iron Maiden session going in the run up to Book of Souls being released tomorrow . )
neutral	SC paves way for Yakub 's execution : The Supreme Court today refused to stay the execution slated for tomorrow ... HTTPURL
neutral	NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Gay and civil rights activists gathered in downtown Brooklyn on Thursday to condemn the prosecution of the chief ...
neutral	Rolling Stone Out of zone So you can't monitor My SAT phone
positive	" So hope that , at the 18th , Paul Dunne makes that classic walk , knowing his putt could win The Open . What a story ... "
neutral	" Bacca scores and his Milan side get the better of Muriel 's Sampdoria , his 8th for the Rossoneri . #COL . #JuniorFC . HTTPURL "
positive	@USER prolly Sunday . I feel like this movie will be crazy . You know the Ice Cube actor is actually Ice Cube 's son ?
negative	" @USER Is n't it ~ time for Justin Bieber to be medicated c an " " Antipsychotic ? " " May I suggest Haldol ... he is old enough to know better "
positive	" Hope I wake up tomorrow to some news about @USER Glasgow date , or to frank ocean 's new album . Not too much to ask is it ? "
positive	" As she receives her 9th #GoldenGlobes nomination , read what Cate Blanchett told us about still getting starstruck : HTTPURL "
positive	" From Elvis Costello 's memoirs to Chris Evans 's mastery of his craft , here 's @USER on the week 's best radio HTTPURL "
positive	My 9-5 job is ACTUALLY 9-5 now ! I will celebrate with Dunkin ' Donuts tomorrow .. You 're welcome for the free advertising btw @USER
negative	" May George Bush drink the blood of every gay man , woman , and child in America ! HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER off to Ronnies Sat night to see Curtis you going ?
neutral	All you need to know about Udinese 0-4 Inter : MILAN - Inter beat Udinese 4-0 on Saturday night to move up to 3 ... HTTPURL
negative	" Niall is wearing the leg brace on stage . He may be injured and from the looks of it , no jumping for tonight ! :( #OTRAMontreal "
neutral	" Kris Bryant lines out to RF , Austin Jackson is doubled off @USER 1st after 3 @USER Wrigley Field the #Cubs & Diamondbacks remain scoreless "
negative	" . @USER Some rotten toothed muslim is calling for death and destruction in Israel . Or as Israel calls it , Monday . "
neutral	@USER Gay marriage never existed before the last 15 years . The Left acts like the people and states should no say in a 10th amend issue
positive	I need to get up early tomorrow and finally see Ant-Man . My local cinema only has one showing and it is just after 12pm .
neutral	" George Osborne on British contributions " " we do not have a veto ... and we have to live with the consequences . " " HTTPURL "
neutral	" American professional wrestling legend known as Hulk Hogan has been dumped by World Wrestling Entertainment , the association said Friday . "
neutral	Festivus is back as a twilight event on Friday 15 January . Do you like music ? Do you like the arts ? Do you like ... HTTPURL
positive	Celebrity Big Brother 's Best Bits : Flirty Friendships & more ... Tomorrow night at 9pm on 5 * or you can catch it on MTV - it 's great .
neutral	@USER & that guy is super strong ( literally ) he won 1st place in every strongman so only guy I can think of : Brock Lesnar !
positive	" Buenos Jueves , good thursday with David Bowie thursday childhttps :/ / youtu.be/rV29uzF_RSg HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Considering her competition , it is like calling Wlad Klitschko the greatest heavyweight ever . And Rousey is great , but c'mon "
neutral	" Super Eagles and leprosy tag 53 rated in the World , serious Work for Sunday Oliseh and his employers . "
positive	In 72hrs Tom Brady will be leading the NFL with 12TDs at the end of the 1st quarter .
negative	Am sat in the cold listening to David bowie because life is hard sometimes
neutral	Terry Collins says David Wright batting 4th is because he kills lefties and because TC did n't want to disrupt top of order that 's clicking .
neutral	Seth Rollins breaks John Cena 's nose on ' WWE Monday Night Raw ' but the fight continued on HTTPURL
neutral	@USER : 2.30 tee time for Paul Dunne tomorrow . He 's playing with Louis Oosthuisen . Podge Harrington out at 2.10 #TheOpen #COYBIG
neutral	Murray sprinting along baseline getting everything back to the South African . But 3rd BP saved .
negative	Was just talking about Frank Gifford Sat & sadly he dies on Sun . Maybe I 'll be talking about @USER today . #gopclowncar
neutral	On the basis of which values has Islam raised the most distinguished scientists ? HTTPURL #sun #Provo HTTPURL
positive	" When you have to do ur apush questions a day early because ur going to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow > > , , , # & $ % - 3 & # 4 # 5 "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER and whoever else wants to see it ... Paper Towns on Sunday ?
positive	Fans bought Niall a guitar to give to him at the OTRA Gillette show September 12 ! HTTPURL
positive	" @USER @USER turns into Cupid in February , becomes the Easter Bunny and does short stints as Superman , Thor & other characters "
neutral	Red Sox are imploding in the 10th inning . Would be nice if they could have done this in like the 7th inning . #BlueJays
negative	What if we make a celebrity death match between Bruce Jenner vs Caitlyn Jenner ? ? ... #OfficeTalk #Monday #Hollywood
positive	" I convert to Islam tonight . May Allah bless all religions , peace be upon all the Prophets ... As they have led me this far . Peace be upon you "
neutral	John cena and the primetime players vs the The new day members Big E and Kofi Kingston and Seth Rollins now on wwe monday night raw 9/7 / 2015
neutral	@USER Can you sign in and check your Order History Curtis ? You may want to come onto live chat so we can look into this for you ?
neutral	Hey students ! Do you like movies ? Then join us tomorrow at Cinemark 6 at 12:30 pm for Ant-Man ! The movie starts at 12:50 pm . See you then !
neutral	30 years ago today : Dave Stieb takes no-hitter into 9th . White Sox start 9th with back-to-back-to-back HR ( first 2 off Stieb ) . Jays win 6-3
positive	" Good morning everyone ! Remember to catch the great deals offered for Eid , they 're extended until Thursday . HTTPURL #discount "
positive	I 'm going to Paul McCartney ! 2nd time in two years !
neutral	Per comments . The Lions just lost the next Tom Brady when they cut Moore . Earlier today it was Drew Bree 's . Tomorrow it 's Y . A . Tittle .
positive	What 's the crazier win ... Paul dunne winning tomorrow or tom Watson in 09 ? I can't lean either way . Good for the kid .
positive	@USER Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day ! * skips away singing * It 's the moooost wonderful tiiiime of the yeeeeaaaar
neutral	Ice Cube wrote all of NWA 's lyrics and the screenplay for ' Friday ' so ... HTTPURL
positive	When I get to my mom 's house on Sunday I 'm going to force her to listen to Calibraska just for Jack and Jack 's sake
neutral	Tanahashi may be the Shawn Michaels of NJPW but this wrestler right here is the Randy Orton of New Japan . ( Scheduled Tweet )
positive	" Amazing round from Paul Dunne , fantastic to see amateurs not only making the cut but actually contending.Hope he does well tomorrow #theopen "
neutral	@USER to you I guess ... Naruto has the 4th hokage jutsu and even furthered it rather then perfected .
neutral	" Frank Ocean is never dropping the album but let 's entertain this " " 22 September " " theory "
neutral	[ Chicago Sun-Times ] Kris Bryant and Justin Grimm went to the Bears game at Soldier Field on their day off HTTPURL #Cubs
neutral	" ITMA 2015 , held in Milan from 12 to 19 November at the Fiera Milano trade fair grounds , closed its doors with ... HTTPURL "
neutral	black sabbath are announcing their tour and iron maiden just released their 16th album what is life
neutral	#BreakingNews American football star and broadcaster Frank Gifford dies at 84 : 10 August 2015 From the section ... HTTPURL
negative	In January France declared day of mourning for 12 people killed at Charlie Hebdo . Today declares 3 days of mourning for 129 killed in Paris
neutral	@USER Underwood 's childhood fight with David Bowie ( Jones ) may have caused Bowie 's distinctive eye discolouration HTTPURL
positive	" Surprises in " " Go Set a Watchman " " may make readers re-examine " " To Kill a Mockingbird . " " HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	If Connor McGregor loses vs Aldo I think Dana White may go crazy with Ronda too losing in same month XD
neutral	LMAO ET by Katy perry on the radio throwback to the 8th grade cosmic challenge
neutral	Frank Gifford past away 08/09 / 15 . Helping to light up the camaraderie on Monday nights was only a part of what he 'll be remembered ( next
positive	When you 're really excited that the boss is buying you Dunkin after a long Friday ... @USER HTTPURL
neutral	" I sense the second Dana white family hype train coming to an end tonight , and another one saturday "
neutral	2nd #blog from Curtis . It 's a short one ! ... 2nd day of work experience-'Embarrassment is a funny thing ... ' by Curtis HTTPURL
negative	" Provincetown may be a place where gay men have backhair so thick it can prevent a sunburn , "
neutral	Yoga and homework and cooking and cleaning tomorrow means scandal all night tonight okay .
positive	" Goodbye CBS All Access ... I have you until the 30th , more than enough time for Big Brother to complete . Thanks for the live feeds . "
neutral	" My presentation for the DG Agri event for #EUYoungFarmers in Milan , Monday . On new technolgies + chain organisation HTTPURL "
neutral	Why is Rahul Gandhi smiling ? C'mon the answer is simple . He is absolutely free to watch Chota Bheem now .
neutral	Real Madrid and / or #mufc may consider an appeal over the cause of the David De Gea delay ( i . e . computer glitch ) . #SSNHQ
negative	Tony Blair may not be to blame for the rise of ISIS but he certainly has the lives of British soldiers on his hands . Posh boys wants same
neutral	The Undertaker showed up on Monday Night RAW with a message for Brock Lesnar . HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	GOOD morning ! 1st day of school for Prince George 's Co ... how on fleek is your first day of school outfit ? #firstdayofschoolthoughts
neutral	Detailed look at why Gawker thinks the FBI may have covered for Hulk Hogan : HTTPURL
positive	David Price got a win in the Blue Jays ' big win over the Rangers on Wednesday and in five starts for #Toronto he 's 4-0 with a 1.98 ERA .
neutral	cena all day he always speaks the truth and Seth Rollins will be his bitch on Sunday trust me #16TimeChampSoon HTTPURL
neutral	Floyd Mayweather announces to fight for the last time in September . Will prolly equal Marciano 's 48-0 record but wont go out with a bang ...
positive	I miss Niall so much he made me so happy on Saturday I felt at home and god I want to go back
positive	Ca n't wait to see Paper Towns tomorrow with @USER
positive	" Very excited to see Ant-Man tomorrow but after I 've seen it , I will have seen all MCU films this yearAKA I have to wait 9 months for another "
neutral	Curtis 8th grader Justin Unger runs a PR to open his season with a 5:21 1600 !
neutral	" December 20 . 1958 John Lennon , Paul McCartney and George Harrison played together as the Quarrymen at the wedding ... HTTPURL "
positive	Seth Rollins promo has been better than the first two hours of Monday Night #RAW
positive	" Happy Temptations day : " " It was the third of September " " The Temptations - Papa Was A Rolling Stone HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER Real Madrid are trying to buy a player from united . the documents got delayed and the deadline to sign new players is tomorrow .
negative	Gucci baggy skin below the eyes khu belief february break the seal the the two your unanalyzable now attainmen ...
positive	Ca n't wait for tomorrow . . . wo n't have to hear about Sharknado anymore .
neutral	" @USER I doubt it 's coming at this point , may as well just get it on PS4 when you decide to pick one up . "
positive	Back in the loo today ! We are Christians that are students . Not students that are Christian . May this be a blessed year of ministry . Go Lord
positive	Today I purchase my new smart phone MOTO G 3rd Generation ... it is very nice looking and water proof .. HTTPURL
positive	" need a new friend who can make me laugh , isnt busy October 5th , and loves sam smith too (-; "
neutral	Eid is on the 11/9 / 2015 check your lunar calendar not the gregorian deadbeat one HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER The 3rd is about Ice Cube 's movie career , Rehab and Dre selling headphones , and , I do n't know , dinosaurs ? "
neutral	@USER Brock lesnar live from madison square garden sounds like it could just be a live feed of him sat on a chair for 3 hours
positive	Shawn and I are going to get to look at Beyonce tomorrow . Because i have some of the best team in the entire world . But ...
neutral	Sunday Oliseh : Super Eagles coach says he has no problem with his predecessor ... - Pulse Nigeria HTTPURL #SuperEagles
negative	" Shatrughan Sinha & Rahul Gandhi are DONS TO DUST , both sailing in the same BOAT without an OAR FINDS NO SHORES . Both r d Setting SUN . "
neutral	" . @USER ha ha , good luck , tomorrow if IK says you Gay is islamic defend tht too & worship him more . Ok "
positive	Relatives of the 200 Nigerian schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram will hold a march & candle-lit vigil to mark 500 days since the abductions
neutral	July 30 : MNJTF faces Boko Haram with broken strategy HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	This was probably the best Rowdy Roddy Piper thing ever - living in Alcatraz before fighting Hulk Hogan HTTPURL via
positive	" Today in Beatles History ( March 15 , 1999 ): Paul McCartney is inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . "
neutral	If Hulk Hogan left this Earth tomorrow would they do a tribute show or just forget it @USER @USER @USER
neutral	" Soundtrack for the weekend : HTTPURL ( David Bowie , The Man Who Sold the World ' 95 , September ' 95 ) . "
neutral	@USER was it strange filming for the 1st time without Zayn ? #1D
positive	Happy Friday you crazy fucks ! ! ! Long weekend ! ! ! 1 week till the concert ! ! Foo Fighters - Best Of You : HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER If you 're still here , check out Sam 's No . 3 on 15th and Curtis . Or , head down towards Union Station ( it 's north but downhill ) "
neutral	ENTERTAINMENT : Caitlyn Jenner may debut as runway model : Caityln Jenner may walk the runway at the upcoming New ... HTTPURL
neutral	Canadians would actually love it if Scott Walker built a wall between him and us . HTTPURL
negative	@USER Harvey and Shawn have put me on the no access list along with Bo and Carl Pelini . Otherwise I 'd be there tomorrow .
negative	Kanye West saying he 's running for president may be the single most ridiculous thing I 've ever heard
positive	I can't describe what watching David Wright homer in his 1st AB just felt like . On The Captain 's @USER return : HTTPURL #mets
neutral	Camila talking about how Shawn and her are close friends + some other questions that are answered HTTPURL
neutral	" From the time we were kids and grew up watching Frank Gifford on Monday night football , he was always a private ... HTTPURL "
positive	Fantastic Four tomorrow will it be as good as Ant-Man we 'll have to see
neutral	Milan heading towards the same direction HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Friday night ... Listening " " Cameron Dallas " " by Shawn mendes while you are imegine if Cameron Dallas is your boyfriend "
neutral	President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday charged the new heads of the Nigerian military to defeat the Boko Haram ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER May Allah make it easy for Mujahideen , Muslims "
neutral	Justin Grimm strikes out Ryan Braun swinging to end the 8th with the score #Cubs 4 Brewers 1
neutral	" New post : " " Here 's the scoop : Sunday is National Ice Cream Day " " HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER Toni , I have not . I 'm only interest in applying if I can use it for a large purchase this Thursday - Paul McCartney tickets ! "
neutral	George Osborne is the Master of all he surveys ... except the economy HTTPURL
negative	" Might only play Kenny and Jason Aldean tonight djing to prepare for tomorrow . Ya I know I 'm a loser for going tomorrow , I did n't buy them .. "
neutral	" @USER so the kids in the picture belong to RSS , came to stop Rahul Gandhi ? rofl .. HTTPURL "
neutral	What 's hot in Montgomery and Prince George 's real estate - Here is just a snapshot of the Maryland real estate mar ... HTTPURL
neutral	" : " " Scott Walker 14th Amendment Days after saying he wanted to end birthright citizenship , the Wisconsin governor says he does n't . " " Flip-flop "
neutral	" Head coach of the Super Eagles , Sunday Oliseh , has revealed that John Mikel Obi refused to show up for their ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Eid shopping brings windfall for Oman traders : Road travelers on Thursday , the beginning of the break , had to ... HTTPURL "
positive	Just booked tickets to go and see Paper Towns on Monday after work with my girl ! Film looks so good ! Here 's hoping it 's as good as the film !
negative	" It 's the 6th day of EId and I still have n't danced at a party , what kind of gay shit is this ! ? Some ppl do n't really know how to turn up .. "
neutral	My dad asked who 's birthday is on the 13th and I said Niall and then I said ' I gotta get him a prosthetic leg '
positive	" Randy Orton become the youngest World Champion of all time . #WWE August 15th 2004 , #SummerSlam . #WWE HTTPURL "
neutral	Tom Brady spoke for the 1st time since his suspension was lifted & said he 's ready to move on HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	I can't say that Rollins is the best WWE champ of all time ... but he may rank above Hulk Hogan . Brother Brother Brother Brother #Raw
neutral	" @USER they did come out on the saturday , niall was on the segway i cant remember about the others "
neutral	David Wright strikes out in his 1st AB tonight for St . Lucie .
neutral	#100Facts 76 . I did n't know Kim Kardashian was pregnant with her 2nd kid until she had it .
neutral	Jonathan Stewart and Tom Brady just went in the 2nd round of this draft smh
positive	@USER the later i stay up the better ... c'mon Murray !
positive	Ice Cube gives Iggy Azalea the nod of approval : ' She makes dope songs ' | Music | The Guardian HTTPURL
neutral	" Study 26:10 it may mean that sombre sky-blue appearance of the horizon at the time of twilight , i . e . , between light and darkness ;( b ) "
negative	im too young to die i have n't even met Zayn but then again the internet b lying sigh HTTPURL
neutral	You may not talk to Justin bieber unless spoken to now hold on just a minute HTTPURL
negative	" @USER #bradyapology Tom Brady can take his fake apology , tears and lies and shuv them where the sun does n't shine . he 's a LIAR "
positive	" Arbeloa : " " Thanks to my friends for the inviting to @USER . Hopefully , on May 28 we meet in Milan ! " " HTTPURL "
neutral	Not sure if it 's 14 august or Eid ul fitar .
positive	" Josh Hamilton 's 5th home run of the season , a two-run homer , provided the Texas #Rangers with all the support they needed to win . #MLB "
neutral	It 's Friday . Get hammered with Thor and the #Avengers Age of Ultron tonight for just 99p ! HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" The main games I remember actually getting new was the 2nd Pokemon Mystery Dungeon , Bioshock 2 , and Dark Souls 2 "
neutral	Gucci plenty yourself balance august embody the duet yours specific inwardly access so that for alive and kick ...
neutral	" I 'll have a lot more to say on Murray in a #USOpen wrap-up come next Monday , but for now , it 's Kevin Anderson 's moment in the sun . "
neutral	" Soto homered to add another run to the White Sox 's tally , lead 4-0 in the 7th "
neutral	After all the X-Mas parties this weekend - Do n't forget to visit Kendrick and Sean - Keith this SUNDAY NIGHT at ... HTTPURL
neutral	" ok , i am fixing to rant about Zayn and @USER sorry to those that get upset . 1st , dont get me wrong , Zayn is hot af but is this + "
positive	" Another away victory for Milan , now in 6th position and Coppa Italia quarter finals . Not bad ... Mihalovic we the fans want more ! "
neutral	Harry Kane may be a noble prince but he can't score goals without his army behind him aka WHY IS KANE ALWAYS ALONE UP FRONT CMON GUYS UGH
neutral	" @USER true , but she was flapping her gums , I 'm glad Nicki sat her down . Someone needed to show her what she said was foul . "
positive	last minute but does anyone want to go to Sam Smith w me tomorrow :-)
neutral	@USER @USER & I was out with my best mate on Sunday 's who 's uncle was murdered in IRA bomb in London .
neutral	I am still yet to see Zayn 's full fledged smile with his tongue between his teeth after March :( #ZquadWantsZaynToSmile
positive	Id literally be the happiest person alive if i got Zac Brown Band tickets for the 23rd at bethel
positive	" Anyway , I 'm going to the theaters tomorrow to watch Ant-man ! I 'm really excited . ; o ;) b "
positive	Ronda Rousey gave serial woman-beater Floyd Mayweather a verbal TKO on the ESPYs red carpet Wednesday night . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Do you think David price will be a diamond on Monday ? ?
positive	Might be watching Monday Night Raw just to hear John Cena 's entrance song ...
positive	RIP Frank Gifford . He was the voice Monday Night Football when I was growing up . Great player as well .
neutral	" @USER no like I saw Ant-Man last week , watched WHAS on Thursday , the show yesterday , AND HIS FACE DID NOT CHANGE "
positive	I think my dad implied that he 's getting me a PS4 tomorrow He 's like encrypting everything in emojis so I can't tell
neutral	@USER Wat time PST or P . M . pacific does the summer oatch launch tomorrow on PS4 ?
neutral	@USER could be car crash TV ! Celebrity Big Brother : Full lineup revealed as Janice Dickinson enters the house HTTPURL
positive	" 11:11 bmth + pvris tickets , sam smith to finland , happy mutuals , nail both of the presentations tomorrow ! ! ! "
neutral	" @USER shhh , cant talk bad about Islam ... they may fly a plane into a building ... let them do what they want #LibLogic "
positive	My best friend is meeting The Vamps for the first time on saturday I could n't be happier omg !
positive	" @USER Sunday is the best , Sam Smith on before Blur ! WTF as they say these days "
neutral	For all the people that do n't like John Cena : HTTPURL #MakeAWish
neutral	" Nirvana tribute concert Friday July 31st at Pine Street Bar in Livermore , with tributes to Green Day and The ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Would love to see Dustin Johnson make a huge charge tomorrow , he 's got the game "
neutral	Did you know that ' Sam Smith ' was Trending Topic on Monday 7 for 3 hours in Liverpool ? HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	Red Sox may not be good but I can enjoy them beating the Yankees
neutral	" A respected American Muslim scholar of law weighs in : Obergefell , Marriage Equality and Islam in the West HTTPURL "
neutral	I bet Scott Walker would dump Tonette and become Kim Davis 's 4th husband if he thought it would help his numbers . But that 's a hypothetical .
neutral	" With a win and Baltimore loss , Red Sox are tied for fourth place with the Orioles . First time since June 7 Sox have been in 4th place . "
neutral	What 's good this Thursday ? #TBT to Nicki and Miley 's heated exchange at the #VMAs ! #MileyWhatsGood : HTTPURL
positive	Kanye West was honored with the Video Vanguard Award on Sunday night and a surprising star presented the rapper with the award - - Taylor
negative	Dana White may as well come out as being a faggot with how much he sucks Ronda Rousey 's dick
positive	PHOTOS : Beautiful ! Selena presenting Amy Schumer with an award at the 19th Annual Hollywood Film Awards ! HTTPURL
positive	" And just like that , North West is a big sister ! Kim Kardashian gave birth to her second child with Kanye West Saturday morning , which "
negative	Why is @USER so scared of having John Cena winning his 16th title ? It 's just stupid !
positive	Kane & Nathaniel Kanes 1st day at infant school . Nathaniel 's final year in juniors school . #emotional HTTPURL
neutral	" If I get my C in health and social on my essay on the transgender community tomorrow , I will thank Caitlyn Jenner myself "
neutral	" It 's September 8th and Frank Ocean still ain't released an album , thought Abel bought you time ? Nah . "
neutral	" Guys , the girl of your dreams may not come in size 2 . Ladies , the man of your dreams may not look like Thor . Love someone for who they are . "
neutral	#TheresaMay secret deal with corrupt Saudi Arabia HTTPURL
positive	I 'm listening to a blue grass song that I usually associate with Nirvana . It 's that kinda Sunday .
neutral	" @USER the cake is a lie ! ;) and " " read " " may have been the wrong word . maybe " " moved to nirvana " " would fit better . "
positive	3rd day of Eid ... A day spend well Old Friends reunion after a long time . First badge of read Foundation reunion ... HTTPURL
positive	" @USER @USER Bought my 1st ever single at woolies . 99p Iron Maiden , Number of the Beast . Still got it . "
positive	@USER 3rd and most important would be to free Gucci and make him head of state
neutral	Just watching the @USER game and I totally thought Ryan Braun 's double was out of here in the bottom of the 8th ! #soclose
neutral	12 other Street Artists from Iran who you may not know . @USER @USER @USER HTTPURL
neutral	" BREAKING : Ian Thorpe steps out with confidence , papped for the 1st time since revealing he 's gay at @USER HTTPURL "
neutral	Did you know that ' Ryan Braun ' was Trending Topic on Monday 17 for 4 hours in Milwaukee ? HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	" Heather Mills has ' nothing nice to say ' about ex Paul McCartney : Marilyn MalaraLONDON , July 20 ... HTTPURL #teamfollowback "
neutral	How long am I going to have to wait for Naruto to end and binge watch only the 4th shinobi war ? #NoFillers
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER Keep in mind Mohammed was the 1st Jihadist . Like Chritianity , Islam has been watered down over century "
positive	" @USER we went to twilight races last Friday and it was great , EF markets food stall people would be a gr8 addition . #nextime "
positive	" @USER Happy Birthday to Prince George ! May he be blessed with peace , love , happiness , and prosperity beyond his wildest dreams.BlessU "
positive	" National Ice Cream Day is Sunday - yes , there 's a day for everything . Start your weekend off with a healthy ... HTTPURL "
positive	Next Friday the best one Ice Cube made
neutral	@USER @USER Hey GUYS ! With gay marriage legal everyone could be the 4th ex-Mrs Trump if your tits #Yuge HTTPURL
neutral	" On this day 1976 , Paul Simon hosted NBC 's Saturday Night Live where he performed with George Harrison on Here Comes The Sun , Homeward Bound . "
negative	" Lost my voice to a cold , but still cracked up knowing we wiped the floor with Kazakhstan and Saudi Arabia HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER - sorry guys but Iron Maiden has taken over serious xm 40 for the wk . be back Monday
positive	" So I get paid tomorrow and I have no work so that means movie catch up day . Southpaw , Paper Towns , Vacation and Tangerine are coming up . "
neutral	" @USER James may not be a good Big Brother player but he is a great comedian , both intentional and unintentional "
neutral	" And yet , I have yet to see the whole series of Naruto episodes ... * FacePalm * This may take a while ... HTTPURL "
negative	@USER all failures of US in the ME is bc security of Israel comes 1st and nobody even #Trump can not change this !
positive	Going to see Paper Towns tomorrow before dance with meh bestie ! ! So hyped ! ! @USER #PaperTownsMovie
positive	" @USER 5th Ace ? Sure , Why Not ? BALDER is the brother of Thor in Norse Mythology . Seems a reasonable moniker for a red hot baller . "
positive	Today is the day I never thought would come . Happy Star Wars Day everyone and may the HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	" @USER @USER First Putin , then China , now Iran , if this was a 3rd world dictator it would be understandable , but the SNP ? "
positive	Zayn was like c'mon then c'mon putting his head close to me like when you 're going to have a fight then he just leaned forward & kissed me
positive	" throwback 4 @USER ' s poster of Bad Blood , in honor of Taylor 's award on VMAs last Sunday . The Law got the power HTTPURL "
neutral	Brock Lesnar Wo ... - ESPN posted footage of Brock Lesnar manning the security gate at ESPN studios on Tuesday . HTTPURL
positive	Awww sooo True the 1st comment WonderGirls are Special and Gem of Kpop ! ! #Reboot #IFeelYou HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER It 'll be Checkmate soon and Russia will control the Board , Iran is already taking delivery of Russian Tanks , may join BRICs ! "
negative	Listening to Bad Blood on the radio 1st time : this is awful 8: people like this ? 15 : that bass line is n't so bad Now : NOW WE GOT BAD BLOOD
neutral	" In shaa Allah , I may do a " " dawah roadshow " " where I call people to Islam on the side of the road . Complete with signs and amplified sound . "
positive	Episode 39 : Ant-Man the Comics is out now to hold you over until Episode 40 arrives on Wednesday ! HTTPURL
neutral	He also told a story about a girl named Tamisha beat him up in 6th grade . He said she was like the Brock Lesnar of middle school girls
neutral	Bravely Second being the end of Feb also has a knock-on effect on March too . Will probably be too busy with it for Twilight Princess HD .
neutral	" @USER C'mon , the Randy Orton one is like Meme Voltron . "
positive	" Bit behind the times , but Sharknado may be the best thing I 've ever seen . #comedygold "
positive	NATIONAL HOT DOG DAY is this Thursday ! Bleachers Taproom is giving you two hot dogs and a pint for $ 6 from 1-3 pm ! DOGS and BASEBALL !
neutral	" @USER @USER De Gea is trapped right now . If Real Madrid dont come back in January , his only option is to renew with United . "
neutral	" @USER gerard way , green day , nirvana , memphis may fire , we the kings , the foo fighters , union j , fall out boy , jordan sweeto ect . "
positive	Looking stunning at the #AACTAs . See Cate Blanchett 's next great performance in #Carol . In cinemas January 14 . HTTPURL
neutral	" When u tell ur boss u can't work on Saturday bc ur taking the ACTs and he says " " change the date " " Oh yes ok bc dunkin is my main priority ! ! "
negative	My family sat there an talked about how gay rights is bad . - . Guess ima bring a girl home
positive	" Paul Rudd stars as ANT-MAN , showing tonight , tomorrow and Sunday . Rated PG - 13 . Showtimes are at 7:15 each night ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Gay marriage at the court : 2nd Kentucky couple comes for license to wed HTTPURL via @USER
positive	If anyone wants to come with me to Jason Aldean tomorrow night I have a FREE TICKET
positive	" :D Today is Sundae , July 19 and it 's National Ice Cream Day ! :D From classic vanilla to avocado ( yes , it exists ) , ... HTTPURL "
positive	" This morning as I sat on the subway on my way to work , listening to U2 ' s Calirfornia I tuned into and sent love ... HTTPURL "
positive	Kendrick Lamar killed it with Black Friday .
positive	" A sunny Wednesday , here in Milan , Italy . Summer is lingering . Cool nights mean you can sleep :) "
neutral	Gucci unmentionables number one security november discipline the twain thy something incoming productiveness h ...
neutral	" the only pandora stations to choose from at my work are Ed Sheeran , Coldplay & Jack Johnson I may commit suicide before the end of the day "
neutral	" But I 'll just read " " Paper Towns " " while I wait because I 'm seeing it tomorrow . "
positive	" 1st time I saw Zac Brown Band @USER @USER Park , they opened for @USER . 2nite , they just covered " " Stay ( Wasting Time ) " " . YAY ! ! "
neutral	" David Wright with sharp single to left and Mets have two on for Cuddyer , vs . Alexi Ogando with one out in 7th . "
positive	I 'm only just hearing Black Friday ... Kendrick u freed me
positive	@USER Must be time for a Linemans feast ! At Dunkin at closing to feed the team tomorrow ! #LancerFamily HTTPURL
negative	What would the Sept 16 CNN debate look like should Trump refuse to participate unless Carly Fiorina is there ? Go Donald for justice !
neutral	@USER France passed a law authorising intrusive surveillance in the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo attack : HTTPURL
neutral	Dana White says the Ronda Rousey and Holly Holm rematch will likely take place in July HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Paul Dunne at the 18th Tee with the Bridge over the Swilcan Burn and the Royal & Ancient Golf Club in the ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER i 'll probably be in Milan the first week of May ;) looking forward to see you sooner or later .
neutral	I may fight with kpop fans but I will never ever make fun of someone 's death
neutral	Does anyone know where I can get Ed Sheeran tickets for the 20th of September ?
positive	" @USER yes.exactly , i want baeksoo too but kyungsoo too bz with movie maybe baekhyun 1st ? keke.Jongin & Soojung at Gucci event tonight "
positive	" @USER To add to your budget smartphone list , may I introduce to you , the new MOTO G ( 3rd gen ) which is Unlocked and starts at $ 180 ! ! "
neutral	@USER that practice is from the african athiests and sun worshippers . Not from Islam .
positive	" Winnipeg Sun : " " But make no mistake : Janet Jackson played to win . And did . " " #UnbreakableWinnipeg #UnbreakableWorldTour HTTPURL "
positive	@USER is there a contest for Ed Sheeran ? Im flying to Nashville to see him for the 11th time & would love to finally meet him
positive	" Iron Maiden releases a new song and currently is the 3rd trend worldwide . Looks like we 're on the upswing , humanity . "
neutral	On the Sunday Rock Show we have the first broadcast on ( Ayr Hospital ) radio of the new Iron Maiden single ! 5pm . HTTPURL #live
positive	" Foo Fighters Rick Roll Westboro Baptist Church HTTPURL #NW it 's not really a song or a loud monday , but it 's amazing so ^ ^ "
neutral	@USER is yoga on next Saturday ? I think the instructor is away
neutral	As a Jewish accepting Islam should be considered . You can keep the Sabbath . But Friday becomes your new Sabbath
positive	" The Red Sox may be god awful , but beating the Yankees while they are in the thick of things is always nice . "
neutral	" It was so dope to see Ice Cube writing " " Friday " " in the NWA movie "
neutral	@USER why are you attacking me ? I have nothing but love for all God 's children . This is n't a gay issue . It 's a 1st amendment issue !
negative	We should condemn Sunday Oliseh pls . He is not d messiah of our Super Eagles . We can not go far with Oliseh Na from Sunday we go know Monday
neutral	" Serious question , anyone want to go to the Jason Aldean concert Friday at Klipsch ? "
negative	Momentum spurred on by the IRA terrorist supporter McDonnell wo n't give up . They are violent & do n't respect free sp HTTPURL
neutral	" #REVIEW #RedSox @USER #WhiteSox T2 - 1o : White Sox challenged ( play at 1st ) , call on the field was #overturned : Travis Shaw grounds ... [ 1/2 ] "
positive	Tom Brady is the NFL 's favorite child ! He could rob a bank and STILL suit up on Sunday !
positive	We thought it would be a great idea to read the brand new Go Set a Watchman by Harper Lee starting August 1st ! HTTPURL
neutral	@USER 1st love the icon . 2ndly I kno ure in the Bad Blood MV but even TS voted 4 someone else ! #WorthItVMA
neutral	@USER @USER @USER I think this is the motive of the Yakub 's laywers for pursuing the case HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Hi . Are you going to sell The Vamps ticket on Sm Molino or Sm Bacoor ? This coming sat ?
positive	" Jess Glynne has a song called " " Bad Blood " " on her new album & I 'm seeing her in November & I hope she does a BB / BB Remix . "
positive	@USER good night john cena talk to you tomorrow
neutral	Murray down a set and losing 5-2 in the 2nd set to the 6 ' 8 Anderson . Hard to beat the big hitters when they 're serving at their best .
neutral	Kanye West may not have any policies set up but he still has just as many as Trump #staywoke
neutral	Gucci breeches collective unconscious stock december tower the identical thine peculiar inbound extension vers ...
positive	Beautiful Sunday \ l / Let 's practice Yoga ! NEW SUNDAY CLASS ALERT ! 11.30 am starting today with the gorgeous Anina ... HTTPURL
negative	How ever many girls I see tomorrow at grassroots wearing that nirvana shirt with the X eyes is how many times I 'm shooting myself
positive	@USER @USER @USER Naruto ended made me love it again ha ha DBZ is great I may do OP when it finishes
neutral	Dear @USER @USER please release a MGS Legacy collection on PS4 & X1 . So that I may play all MGS games for the first time .
positive	If Kenny brought me some Dunkin and a panera bagel he may be in running for the real MVP @USER
positive	" Hey fam just quick view of Janet Jackson 's 1st performance from her Unbreakable tour since her " " retirement " " ! ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Who 's going to Radio 1 tomorrow to meet The Vamps ?
neutral	" Israel made some individual deportations . Be that as it may , 2 facts hold : 1.eritreans struggle to get in . @USER "
positive	@USER ... AND the 23rd is National Hot Dog Day ;-)
negative	Kanye west may be an asshole but he 's top five dead or alive
neutral	" David Wright , who has struggled with men on base the last few days , comes up in a big spot here in the 7th . 5-5 . #Mets "
neutral	" Dad gets back from Philly tomorrow which means Big Brother will be on every night , so might have a bet to make it interesting , who 's fav ? "
positive	" Jordan Spieth and Dustin Johnson in 2nd , it 's a good day "
neutral	" @USER if I may - strongly suggest it . The parallels of ancient Israel , the Assyrians & America 9-11 are ominously striking "
positive	currently sitting on the stairs at CBS Scene listening to Jason Aldean and Kenny Chesney so I can prepare myself for when I see him tomorrow
neutral	" Iran Wants Stable Middle East While Erdogan ' Tries to Break it Down ' : On Sunday , Erdogan lashed out against Ir ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Back in 9th grade , I told people how my favorite song was Nirvana by Sam . People said " " never heard of the song and the guy must not be good " " "
positive	May Allah save and protect the Muslims in CAR HTTPURL
positive	" @USER I love Taylor Swift I 'm going to her concert on September 13 , I love all of her songs especially Bad Blood she is my idol ! "
positive	Dustin Johnson leading during the 1st round of a major ... stop me if we 've heard this before
positive	" Here I come PS4 , I 'll see you in March 18th ! ! HTTPURL "
positive	Come & Celebrate Prince George 's 2nd Birthday with Us ! Complimentary Ice Cream for Kids ! #RoyalBaby #birthday #icecream #celebration
negative	Sad ppl like these rafidis . They insult the 1st people of Islam & here he is so confident as he slanders . An idiot . HTTPURL
neutral	WR Brandon Marshall said Tuesday that many players in the NFL believe race played a role in Tom Brady 's 4 game suspension being lifted .
neutral	" Billboard list need Tupac , damn 9th - Ranked Kendrick Lamar on @USER not making the Top 10 Rappers of all Time list HTTPURL "
positive	Just saw the trailer for 12 rounds with Dean Ambrose . Yeah that September 11th is going to be good .
neutral	Sunday frustrated Sunday ! Sung in the manner of U2 . Hello Hello ! #U2 #yeahyeahyeah
negative	@USER Democrats want to THROW ANYONE in Prison for disagreeing with Gay Marriage . HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER C'mon honey , I 'm on my knees . I 'll beg u as long as I have to . Someone might beat u2 the punch if u stay angry 4eva . "
negative	" This is the legacy of Tony Blair and George Bush . Intervention only seen as a plaster , not a permanent fix . HTTPURL "
neutral	" WATCH : Post Game Plus breaks down Thursday 's walk-off loss in Arlington , as Josh Hamilton beat the Yankees late . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Rolling Stone - June 25 , 1981 Back Issue George Harrison Raiders of the Lost Ark HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	Interested in Islam ? This course is being offered at Overlake Christian Church . The first class on the 14th is ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Tomorrow , The Scandal Breaks : WWE Will Sever All Ties with Hulk Hogan HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Could you verify , is Moto G 3rd gen AptX enabled ? "
positive	" I offer my sympathy to the Frank Gifford family . Thank you for your years with the NY Giants & Monday Night Football . RIP , Mr . Gifford . "
neutral	France is our oldest ally . But @USER could n't be bothered to go to the Charlie Hebdo march . Just shut up .
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER Coach : Shawn , you 're suspended Shawn Oakman : I 'll see you on Saturday Coach : yes sir "
neutral	" Iran men march into final : In Sunday 's final , Iran will meet Kazakhstan , which defeated Sri Lanka 2-0 in the o ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Do you know what happens to Muslims without Walaa & Baraa ? Wallahi a MUST READ ! ! ! May Allah protect Muslims in West . HTTPURL
positive	What a round for Paul Dunne . Rooting for the young Irishman amateur hard tomorrow .
positive	Ur children will treat u the way you treat your parents . #Fact #Reflect Islam teaches us to love our parents . May Allah grant them Jannah .
neutral	@USER yo homie we hosting fights in Philly on Saturday if your around .. Dana White gonna be in the building HTTPURL
negative	Stop talking about Niall and Camila ! Let 's discuss Latitud Altitud Cercania Mar Clima China !
neutral	" So @USER , is it true that Kris Bryant will win NL ROY as long as he is still breathing in October ? Does he even need to swing the bat again ? "
negative	Kanye West Run For President We May Aswell Shut Down the Streets Straight uop to Downing street #GangShit #ThughLife
neutral	Boko Haram leader Shekau says he is alive HTTPURL He may be lieing
neutral	" #MLB #Brewers - Ryan Braun , Rest - is not in the Game 2 starting lineup Saturday ( 9/5 ) at Cincinnati "
neutral	@USER Red Sox getting battered by the Yankees at home it 's 11-1 in the 3rd let 's see if they fire the coach .
neutral	@USER you literally sat a row behind Kanye west . How do u feel bb
neutral	" Whelp , I get to go see One Direction perform tomorrow . I saw them with Zayn and now I get to see them without him . "
neutral	" @USER ~ saw a son in him unlike Thor ... Thor , when Loki though about his brother , a frown appeared on his face . He may be hating ~ "
positive	Do you know what tomorrow is ? ? ? It 's NATIONAL HOT DOG DAY ! ! What JCI dog are you coming to enjoy with us tomorrow ? ? HTTPURL
positive	" Beatsmiths ! The homie @USER just dropped his very 1st drum kit for " " FREEEEEE " " ( c ) Kendrick Lamar . D / L that HTTPURL "
positive	" Fun fact : Briana said that since she lives in Vancouver , sometimes she just goes to set to visit and therefore may or may not be in the gag "
neutral	" Hugh Hewitt Show : Donald Trump and Carly Fiorina Give Contrasting Interviews : On September 16th , at the Ronald ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER @USER Funny how you call it " " Thursday " " and do n't believe Thor was real . "
neutral	Justin Bieber 's songs are the only ones I 'm not skipping on the Spotify playlist I 'm listening to . This may be a new low ?
neutral	" @USER I know it 's not your neck of the woods , but do you happen to know a spot I can watch the Milan game on the 17th in NYC ? "
neutral	Is there really any point in Dustin Johnson playing the 4th round of a major ?
negative	" Okay , so I may have known some of the sht that happened in Kpop but I guess I went on hiatus because everything was negative and in turn ... "
neutral	" Milan is pessimistic they 'll reach an agreement with Zenit for Witsel , they may make an attempt before window closes in 3 hours ( DiMarzio ) "
neutral	#Toronto Blue Jays took a 3-0 lead into the 8th inning but David Price gave up 3 runs and Aaron Sanchez could n't ... HTTPURL
positive	5 Days off now ! Bit of golf on the agenda and a few other bits . Looking forward to watching @USER ' s Ant-Man on Thursday too !
neutral	@USER KO has been doing it as long as Randy Orton has . Just did n't have the opportunity to showcase himself before May ;)
neutral	Aug 30 ( Infostrada Sports ) - Top scorers of the La Liga on Sunday 2 Nolito ( Celta Vigo ) Gareth Bale ( Real Madrid ) James Rodriguez ( Real
positive	@USER @USER 17th October mine . We 're celebrating together thank you . I hope T2 stays after large Eid . He come too
positive	" Watched Ant-Man for the 3rd time for free , technically because it 's with family . :) ) ) "
positive	If Frank Ocean 's next album is as good as the 2nd half of Pyramids then it 's going to be a instant classic
negative	Anal tasering may be the future of corporal punishment ... Or just something Kim Kardashian likes in the bedroom ...
neutral	Lose yourself in the magic of Christmas during our twilight visits from 18 to 20 Dec @USER HTTPURL
positive	" @USER Some may believe in Thor or nothing at all , but I believe in the risen Savior Jesus Christ . "
negative	" Paps : this one if for the sun ! ! Briana : * stands behind Louis and poses * So not set up , nope nope nope , not one bit "
neutral	" Invited @USER on a date with me tomorrow afternoon to watch Paper Towns ( still have n't watched it ) . Jeff : uh , lemme think about it "
negative	Scott Walker may be nuts but under the right circumstances ? I 'm just saying do n't over-think this . #SOUNDINGOFF HTTPURL
positive	Nightttt ! ! Wish me luck for school tomorrow and I 'll show you my Shawn and 5sos shirt when I 'm back
positive	HTTPURL No Twilight Within the Courts of the Sun just made me shit my pants near the end . Amazing chaotic jazz rock piece .
neutral	Katie Hopkins turns her nose up at people but .. 1 . Writes for the Sun 2 . Was on Celebrity Big Brother 3 . This programme #KatieRules
positive	@USER @USER C'mon man do n't get me wrong Cole had a great album but Kendrick gonna take it home
positive	@USER just hit me I 'm seeing Shawn tomorrow and you
negative	I 'll believe it when I see it ... Frank Ocean got my trust fucked up HTTPURL
neutral	" July 17 @USER the Prudential Center , Dean Ambrose vs . Seth Rollins World Heavyweight Championship Street Fight . Lets go SETH @USER @USER "
positive	LIR launch event tomorrow . Come out to show support & catch Curtis as he speaks on his goals for Life Is Respond . HTTPURL
positive	@USER tomorrow night is red carp [ et premiere of Sharknado 3 . Cindy has a great cameo in it .
positive	" @USER told you because you said " " Generally 15 August comes near Eid week " " . It happens for only 2 years after every 30 years . :) "
neutral	Wednesday Reading : @USER opens up about being Black and Gay in Hollywood #NoahsArc HTTPURL
negative	" If Dana White was smart , he would 've waited on this fight . Stretched it out May v Pac style . McGregor is a promotional magnet . #UFC "
positive	Happy MINI Monday ! It 's National Ice Cream Day and we have all of the goodies you need to celebrate ! We 've got ... HTTPURL
neutral	David Wright stranded for the third time tonight for St . Lucie . Mets trail 4-1 headed to the 6th inning .
neutral	In my 1st day in office I plan 2 pass a Bill 4 a Miss USA holiday . MLK has one ; It 's only fair : Donald Trump #comedy
neutral	" Rally against the imperialism and zionism . Milan , Italy 19 September HTTPURL "
positive	@USER J Cole and Kendrick gonna release that fire in February just make it till then
neutral	" Twilight of the Old Order , 1774-1778 by Claude Manceron - 1st US Ed . / DJ - 1977 HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER ... trying to do the same , but U2 in Europe and OSU football may suck me back in . #MichieCorleone HTTPURL "
positive	Texas is the Walk-Off State tonight . Josh Hamilton just singled in winner in 9th vs Yankees .
neutral	Even as Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi on Monday alleged that he was prevented from entering the Barpeta ... HTTPURL
positive	" Jordan Spieth or Irish amateur Paul Dunne ? Either way , they both have a chance to make history Monday at #TheOpen - HTTPURL "
negative	And as the usual suspects try to manufacture another invitation to dehumanise Muslims you really need to watch this . HTTPURL
negative	@USER 25 March 1972 : An IRA volunteer was killed when two IRA units engaged each other in error on the Springfield Road in Belfast . ? ?
negative	@USER Was this media mafia behind the fact that Yakub got front page coverage when Lt respected Kalam was on 3rd or even 5th page
positive	It 's going to be @USER ' s first time watching Naruto as a weekly-episode-watcher tomorrow . Join the club !
neutral	" A Rabbi Leads the Way in Uniting Jews , Christians - World - CBN News - Christian News 24-7 - HTTPURL : HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER I guess the world will end tomorrow , one of the signs of the apocalypse is John Cena losing ... God he sucks so bad "
positive	" 60 RTs & I 'll come to school dressed as Thor on April 30th , which is a Thorsday & the day before the Avengers comes out . "
positive	I like Sharknado but I do n't like the April character
neutral	SUFFERING FOR THE GREATER GOD Your kids may wonder why some Christians suffer . They may be confused by the ... HTTPURL
neutral	Photo : Gucci Foamposites Drop Tomorrow . We got the up on our site right now . Go check it out ! ! ! ... HTTPURL
positive	Jen crying over her picture on the 8th season of Big Brother is still one of the best moments in television . @USER can back me up .
positive	" We will miss you Frank Gifford , NFL Legend & hubby of @USER Now walking in Glory & Wonder with God Himself HTTPURL "
positive	In 8th grade I hid $ 200 in a Lady Gaga CD and did n't find it again until sophomore year so I felt like lady Gaga had paid me
positive	kpop fans may have their beefs and whatever but when its time to stand up for kpop as whole we do it together #FanArmyFaceOff
negative	Niall has the worst luck 1st this bitch got a prosthetic leg and now a fractured foot :/ /
neutral	" @USER " " Naruto , I think it may be a bad idea to continue , unless you really want me to . " " "
positive	" @USER If there 's one thing I can guarantee Monday , it 's Janet Jackson worship , which I 'm always here for . "
positive	" When I was in 8th grade , all I wanted to be when I grew up was the lead singer of a Nirvana cover band . "
negative	#Rahulstumped Mr . Rahul Gandhi is become too negative as he can not see what the center government is doing or may be he do n't want to see .
positive	" May the blessings of Allah fill your life with happiness and open all the doors of success now and always . " " Eid ... "
positive	May 11th 2016 is the day I see the love of my life Justin bieber
neutral	Nicki may need a wardrobe change if she plans on winning anything else tonight . #VMAs
positive	Saw Paper Towns on Saturday ! Pretty sweet movie - love the casting ! HTTPURL
neutral	The big announcement tomorrow is not going to be anywhere near as huge as they 're letting on . I think Paul McCartney probably makes sense .
neutral	" In the Saudi Arabia , UAE , neighbors and much of Northern Africa , the weekend is Friday & Saturday . The first work day of the week is Sunday . "
neutral	" Testimony from Harvey Skinner , working with REFUGEES IN MILAN , ITALY : On Saturday 12/12 we went to a camp in the ... HTTPURL "
negative	@USER Go & try your best to save him but we will make sure that bloody Yakub will be dead by July 30th ! ! !
negative	@USER I may have to violate the Democrat 's Iran Deal ... because I will never let Iran get a nuke . #TrumpIsRight
positive	A portion of book sales from our Harper Lee / Go Set a Watchman release party on Mon . 7/13 will support @USER and the great work they do .
neutral	@USER hi Fiona tomorrow on key 103 top 10 at 10 please can you play me marry j blige U2 one please thanks Fiona
neutral	I suppose they may have just outsourced the production of Lady Gaga 's underwear to the PRC
positive	Max Martin just notched his 21st Billboard # 1 as a songwriter . Only Paul McCartney ( 32 ) and John Lennon ( 26 ) boast more leaders as writers .
neutral	Oh look dustin Johnson has blew up again lol . 7/4 after the 2nd round in places can now be backed at 50/1 . #TheOpen #DustinJohnson #choker
neutral	Moto G 3rd gen vs . Xiaomi Mi 4i : Your pick ? Moto G 3rd gen . 68 % of voters agree with me . HTTPURL
negative	My God if they say another word about how ' disgraceful ' gay marriage is they may just get a slap round the face
negative	Niall 's pants are always so tight he may just be that size :(
positive	C'mon babes ! Let 's vote on Gaga and put her again on 1st . It 's missing just 2 days till the end ! #MTVStars Lady Gaga HTTPURL
neutral	Kris Bryant ... So what was Scott Bora $ bitchin ' about ? WOW ! 2-0 #Cubs in CHC / LAD Top 2nd
negative	" @USER Primitive scum the lot of you ... one no better than the other ... if Islam is the cause , may Islam burn "
positive	" tomorrow it 's my birthday and well , it would mean the world to me if a specific guy names Niall would notice me @USER "
neutral	@USER I say either June 7th or 8th we play hooky from work and check out the Red Sox and Giants in SF
neutral	So what do you think about Black Friday by Kendrick
positive	" Hey Manila , it 's Before You Exit , and we 're inviting you , you , you to come see us at the Mall of Asia with our buddies The Vamps on Jan 30 "
positive	@USER Hi ! Have you already stocked up for naruto ultimate ninja storm revolution for ps3 ? Planning to buy on Saturday .
positive	Happy Friday ! ! ! Watching this gives me hope in our youth . Out of all the rambling Kanye West did this past ... HTTPURL
neutral	Wife is trying to sell her Sam Smith tickets for the show in San Diego tomorrow . $ 180 for two HTTPURL #reddit #OC
neutral	" @USER however I hope you bring Witsel & Soriano in January for their loyalty , they also tried until the end for Milan ! I wish that "
neutral	any one going to see Shawn at the Island Life show tomorrow ?
neutral	Jason Aldean ticket for sell . Dm me if you want it . It 's for Saturday night
neutral	Stone Cold Podcast With Paige On WWE Network August 3 : Was it originally supposed to be Hulk Hogan ? HTTPURL
positive	Win tomorrow and we get another shot at a 3 game set with Harvery deGrom and Thor #WontHappenAgain
positive	@USER my first day of work after 2 months of holidays starts tomorrow . I 'm ok as long as i can see u2
positive	@USER warm up ain't deep ? Friday night lights ain't deep ? Born sinner ain't deep ? Come on cuz . Just say you like Kendrick more . Lol
positive	Lady Gaga is releasing the artRAVE stage this week and then the new music video next Saturday . Let the ARTPOP era finally begin .
positive	Anderson beats Murray in the 4th round #USOpen2015 excellent game . #WellPlayed . HTTPURL
positive	@USER have you heard black Friday ? ? By Kendrick Lamar an j Cole ? ? ? (;
negative	Mayweather may be a scumbag but he 'd never come close to losing to Rousey . HTTPURL
negative	You can't say Muslim and claim it 's not about Islam ! It 's a fact for those who have a monochromatic gaze like urs HTTPURL
neutral	" Good read ( by @USER ) about Kane laughing off " " one season wonder " " comments : HTTPURL "
negative	I 've been at the beach since Friday and I still have n't listened to Zac Brown Band . What is wrong with me ? ?
negative	@USER is that the same Tony Blair who invaded Iraq on the basis of a lie ? The man you would n't buy a 2nd hand car from ?
negative	@USER I have a dislike of several labour MP 's over their attitude to the IRA & so it may be the reason it first came to me .
neutral	Frank Gifford convinced Howard Cosell to announce the murder of John Lennon during Monday Night Football . HTTPURL
positive	In other news I saw Ant-Man ! It may have a few flaws but I absolutely loved it ! So funny and the character is brilliant
negative	Why does she hella look like a mix of Jennifer Lawrence and Caitlyn Jenner in the 2nd pic omg HTTPURL
neutral	Partition was 1st proof of Hindu injustice in refusal to coexist fairly with Muslims . Modis election is the latest in that series #IndiaAt69
neutral	I think having Briana be a full-time housewife may be the best thing for the show as she would be a good way for the girls to let Vicki back
positive	LET THE CHAMPIONS CONVERGE ! Its time for Sunday Oliseh to prove his mettle as the new coach of the Super Eagles ... HTTPURL
neutral	Just wait till Black Friday and Christmas .. Watch for the Gucci flip flops
neutral	Follow up Sharknado 3 tomorrow with @USER ' s Mega-Bad Movie Night : Deep Blue Sea HTTPURL
neutral	I think the boys may have thinking about Zayn at the #OTRAPhiladelphia when they sang Fresh Prince Bel Air
positive	Dropped Joel at JFK for Birthright trip to Israel . Tomorrow the rest of us off to Florida to see family and friends . Merry XMAS !
neutral	@USER @USER Murray admitted he took a break for pep talk . I 'm not speculating . HTTPURL
positive	" @USER love Monday night wars , why not next due the next 10 years ruthless aggression , Cena , edge , randy Orton , Guerrero episodes "
neutral	I 'll do the Luke and Calum dms tomorrow and I might throw in a Liam and Niall one so follow and turn on notifs to be updated :)
neutral	did the album leak ? ? ? sophiam are they done ? ? ? who even is briana ? ? ? the boys had their last show before the break on saturday ? ? ?
neutral	New York hit three homers during an eight-run 2nd inning and five HRs for the game to top the Red Sox 13-8 . New ... HTTPURL
positive	It 's Star Wars Day tomorrow at the office . Tempted to go to work in a really tight shirt and tell people I 'm cosplaying Jabba the Hutt .
negative	" Miley does n't like the " " Bad Blood " " video , says things about drugs etc HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" pondering which wine to open for the 3rd set , @USER 2-0 up against Murray #USOpen #stellenbosch GO KEVIN ! ! "
neutral	Miss Universe 2014 Gabriela Isler and Miss USA attend the 2014 US Open 's 14th Annual USTA Opening Night Tennis . HTTPURL
neutral	" Just your typical Sunday ... Spieth and Day there in the end , while Dustin Johnson falls apart in his final round "
negative	" talking to my 2nd graders about intruder drills & one raises their hand and says " " did you know Chuck Norris is real ? " " #teacherproblems "
negative	" Saudi Arabia announced they did Eid on the wrong day , Friday was incorrect . bare of you 's were chatting shit about Saturday ppl . Where u @USER "
negative	" @USER " " you may not be allowed to speak to Justin Bieber " " does n't that kinda take the " " greet " " out of " " meet and greet " " ? ? ? "
neutral	Tonight with us is @USER @USER breaking down everything Floyd Mayweather vs . Andre Berto on September 12th .
positive	Earl tomorrow then Kendrick the day after ! ! ! ' CANT HANDLE
neutral	" Edward seemed to take a deep breath , and then he stepped out into the bright glow of the midday sun . - Bella Swan , Twilight . "
neutral	Who is ready for Big Brother tonight ? Who do you think well be the next one to go ? I have heard rumors may Shelly or Vanessa ? any thoughts ?
neutral	Himawari not even old enough for the academy took out Naruto with a finger who took on kaguya ( a god ) & Sarada is on par w / 4th War Sakura
neutral	I 'll just pretend it 's not the ticket selling for The Vamps and 5SOS tomorrow :( #3LOGYINMANILA #5SOSMNL
neutral	" FINAL : King City 14 , Milan 12 . Walker McCallon huge 4th down defensive stop late in the 4th . "
positive	" Hulk Hogan sex tape reportedly includes racist tirade : WWE has parted ways with one of their best-known stars . On Friday , Hulk Hogan ... "
neutral	@USER Carly Fiorina slams Trump for going into GOP field at request of Bill Clinton as GOP candidates debate . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Quran even says the planets move in space in an orbit unlike Christians claiming sun orbited earth . Can supply verse of wanted lol
positive	" Cinematic double bill tonight . 1st up is South - " " as subtle as a punch to the face " " - paw ( @USER ) , then MCU 's latest expulsion : Ant-Man ! "
neutral	Niall is going through mood swings right now so hopefully he 's all good by tomorrow night
neutral	FUCK I HAVE AN EXAM TOMORROW BUT BROCK LESNAR IS ON RAW TONIGHT uhhhh i pick the beast
neutral	0
positive	Finally going to watch Straight Outta Compton tomorrow with my sisters . Maybe we can sneak into a Paper Towns screening after ... #sneaky
negative	Me and @USER just sat here for fucking 10 mins trying to find out what nirvana meant in ' how deep is your love ' #saddos
positive	Sulaimania mosque in the early morning is having a bright visitor at its dome as a gift on the 3rd day of Eid for us . HTTPURL
neutral	" David Price felt good even into 8th inning . Then it snowballed . " " That 's baseball , that 's part of it and if you do n't like it , pitch better . " " "
negative	" Not happy that I 'm working through the advance screening tomorrow , so still have to wait OVER TWO WEEKS to see Paper Towns #wallofcow "
neutral	" Paul Dunne ( Amateur ) made birdie at 15th ( - 12 ) , Co-leader with Danny Willet . #TheOpen "
negative	How cam called obj over to him was just as disrespectful when Kendrick called out Cole 1st and last name on control and not everybody else
positive	" @USER @USER @USER Big day on Friday , Don . A brand new double Iron Maiden CD . "
positive	Here 's the scoop on how to get free ice cream on Sunday for National Ice Cream Day . HTTPURL
positive	" and it 's saturday , so no school Katy Perry made teenage dream so cool #ShesKindaHotVMA "
positive	@USER if Paul Dunne wins #TheOpen2015 I think it may eclipse @USER in Irish sporting achievements .
neutral	Anyone want to buy my Foo Fighters ticket for tomorrow ? ! ?
negative	I 'm seeing Foo Fighters at Wrigley Field tomorrow but it 's supposed to RAIN ALL DAY WHAT THE FUCK
neutral	" I just bought a few replacement fall decor items from Michaels and according to Dunkin 's FB page , I can put them up starting tomorrow . "
neutral	@USER And only Rahul Gandhi knew about it in advance . Seems he is smarter than we credit him for . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER I think the Red Sox may be more popular around that region as well . Have many more fans nationally than Pats
negative	" @USER @USER @USER You may disagree Nicki , but the facts just do n't support you . Nor does the vote by all of fandom . "
neutral	" #IWishICouldForget about my " " Katy Perry " " headgear I had in 9th Grade :( ( I do love my teeth now tho ;) HTTPURL "
positive	Even though The Undertaker may be old he 's the only superstar in the current roaster that can stand up to Brock Lesnar ! ! ! #DeadManWalking
positive	" Can your average Saturday get any better , Find out here ! Almighty Iron Maiden with their new video HTTPURL "
positive	EYE am going to the Ed Sheeran concerns and hanging with my mom HTTPURL
positive	@USER I like pumpkin muffins from Dunkin ! Would Thursday or Friday be good for you ? ?
negative	john cena may be injured so it may mean that seth rollins will not be defending his united states championship at night of champions
neutral	@USER : Niall at the 2015 US Open Tennis Tournament in NYC yesterday ( 2 Sept ) #5-8 HTTPURL
neutral	@USER HMMm hes not like a rock but its just hard to tell if he gay or str 8 + even if hes gay i may not be his type ...
neutral	September 13 47 Indian Prime Minister #Jawaharlal #Nehru suggests the exchange of four million Hindus and Muslims between India and Pakistan
neutral	" #Brewers Ryan Braun homers in 1st , #Brewers blanked rest of the way in 4-1 loss to #Cubs ; 8th L in last 10 games #CHCvsMIL "
neutral	Kendrick sets the bar on that Black Friday shit got damn #TDE
neutral	Checking out some Paul McCartney with other skrubs who did n't buy Friday passes #Lollapalooza HTTPURL
negative	" If you 're going to Lolla next Friday and seeing a headliner other than Paul McCartney , I will have no respect in your opinion of music "
negative	the brouis baby may be rotting in briana 's womb by now . somebody should check it before someone finds out the pregnancy thing is fake .. oops
negative	" Just saw my 1st idk what you call it , but this woman was screaming @USER Dunkin ' Donuts & recroding them on her phone . Looks crazy in real life . "
negative	One may argue if hanging Yakub was right or wrong . But the people who are trying to portray him as a communal hero are purely anti-national
neutral	WHEN I THINK OF YOU by JANET JACKSON was no . 15 in the UK charts on 1 September 1986 HTTPURL
neutral	Ed Woodward already preparing for Real Madrid 's bid for David De Gea in the January transfer window . #MUFC HTTPURL
neutral	@USER ~ remembering how he and Thor sat here in the exact same place years ago . He manipulated Thor into attacking Jotunheim ~
neutral	I 've never had Dunkin ' Donuts coffee . What 's the hype ? I might find out tomorrow even though I know I 'll regret it .
positive	" Beyonce , Pearl Jam , Ed Sheeran , Coldplay and more play at the #GlobalCitizen Festival on Sept 26 ! Spread the word : HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER which men 's match do you think they will play on the Wednesday night slot ? Federer , Djokovic , or Murray ! ? "
positive	The Gucci hijab bye I 'm crying but she looks stunning HTTPURL
negative	If i see one more tweet about how Paper Towns is out tomorrow I 'm going to lose my shit . We fucking get it
neutral	Murray get his 1st break of the match to stay in this 2nd set 2-5 . Can the No . 3 seed continue to turn things around ? #USOpen #ESPNTennis
neutral	Rick Perry came in behind John Kasich and will not be in the debate tomorrow . He 's fallen quite a bit since being ... HTTPURL
neutral	" It was " " high and deep " " ... #Cubs Kris Bryant " " walkoff " " trailiing with 2 outs in the bttom of the 9th ! --> HTTPURL #MLB "
negative	And Pakistan calls itself the protector of Muslims when on the contrary it 's deeds are grossly UnIslamic HTTPURL
neutral	" On to the 5th inning at Fenway Park . The Red Sox lead the Phillies 6 to 1 . David Ortiz with career Home Run 497 , and has knocked in 3 runs "
neutral	I guess even Pandora knows Justin Bieber is a grown up ... this is the 2nd condom ad they 've played
neutral	@USER Like Christians working for the Saudi government would have to follow Muslim law ? I thought here there is the 1st Ammendment .
neutral	" @USER the Red Sox , who are in last place in the AL East , have a better record than the Marlins , who are in 3rd place . Let that sink "
neutral	" Sonia , Rahul Gandhi may not seek bail in #NationalHeraldCase : SourcesTOI . wow then he going Jail and this is #GoldenDay for all indians ;) "
positive	Prince George celebrates with cake ! How did your little one celebrate their 2nd birthday ? #HappyBirthdayPrinceGeorge HTTPURL
positive	" @USER With this sweet and sudden u-turn frin Israel , do n't we all understand how the term " " doenmeah " " was coined in the 1st place ? "
neutral	Red Sox are challenging the out call at 3rd .
positive	@USER come to the salon . I work 12-4 on Friday bc of the holiday . Curtis said I can cut yr hair there !
neutral	They girls still did n't get a selfie with Nicki n I was actually hoping for that more than the award . May the manips continue to rise smh
neutral	" That " " Not afraid , " " photo of Paris is from the reaction to the Charlie Hebdo attack in January . It is not tonight . "
neutral	SummerSlam results : John Cena wins his 16th World Championship . Following night : loses the U . S . title due to a distraction from Seth Rollins
positive	Updating tomorrow but I wo n't be on twitter much . I love you all and stay Gucci if you need me text me . @USER @USER
neutral	Did you hear about this ? Ricky Gervais and Ed Sheeran may team up for ' Free Love Freeway ' duet HTTPURL
positive	" Kanye West is a god , you may never speak ill of Kanye . "
neutral	" @USER nah , it just moved to youtube ! Rolling Stone may be the one dying ! "
positive	@USER kris bryant is the 3rd best defensive 3b either
neutral	Can someone please drive me and @USER to and from Darien Lake tomorrow for Jason Aldean we will pay you ! !
positive	" @USER wwe got best wrestling athletes in every era . you may find awesomeness in The miz , Seth Rollins , sami zayn , wade barrett , sheamus , "
positive	" if frank ocean drops the first part of ' boy do n't cry ' tomorrow , all will be well . "
neutral	gonna watch Sharknado tonight just so I can talk about it with my kids tomorrow
neutral	Moyes sat somewhere spamming the real Madrid fax machine with stationery and car hire deals chuckling away #degea
neutral	Really want to go see Ed Sheeran on September 20th in Toronto :(
negative	This is why the Red Sox are last place in the division . Poor defence in this 10th inning @USER
neutral	The Mu ` tazila school of Islamic theology based on reason & rationality of the 10th - 11th centuries is now considered heretical by Muslims
negative	Would hate to be the guy who went to work with a Hulk Hogan shirt on for casual Friday .
positive	@USER good to read results with no side effects showing - see they are doing 3rd trial - any possibility to get Milan into it ?
neutral	" @USER as promiscuous reader ( lol ) you might like my book " " the Persian Paradox " " available on Amazon 1st woman Potus , China , Iran drama "
positive	Tomorrow I wanna have dinner out and watch Ant-man . Who wants to come with me ?
neutral	" I still havent set up my voicemail on my phone so tomorrow when I do it its gonna be like " " hey its - " " then its gonna cut to john cena "
neutral	" @USER Moto G 3rd Gen with android 5.1 , 2GB RAM , upgraded 5MP front & 13MP rear camera , 720P display , 4G LTE & water resistant "
positive	ICYMI : The new YA coming of age story PAPER TOWNS may be a tad cliche but it finishes strong and boasts a good cast HTTPURL
neutral	Our founders never intended for us to have a professional political class - Carly Fiorina @USER May you see many new followers .
neutral	" Editorial : Tom Brady , winning ugly : Tom Brady . On Thursday , a federal judge spiked the NFL 's four ... HTTPURL #Deflategate "
positive	I just got tix to Sam Smith on Oct 5 . Let the countdown begin ! @USER HTTPURL
neutral	" Nirbhaya 's parents meet Rahul Gandhi ahead of debate on Juvenile Bill in RS New Delhi , Dec 22 ( UNI ) Ahead of the ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER that 's alright . Keep fighting the good fight & as with Charlie Hebdo , long may the real France endure . A great people . "
positive	Oscar-winner Cate Blanchett may soon be joining the Marvel universe . YES YES I DONT CARE WHAT SHE WILL PLAY YES YES
neutral	Yankees vs . White Sox Saturday September 26 . Seats in section 226 right behind the White Sox dugout ! Labor Day ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Caitlyn Jenner is distraught about the prospect of going to female prison . Bruce Jenner , however , is thrilled that his plan may have worked . "
neutral	in this pic Dana White is either immensely proud of his fighters or a creepy perv and I 'm not sure which one it is HTTPURL
neutral	May Allah make us buy the best animal & sacrifice at Eid . HTTPURL
negative	" @USER @USER Hehe ... yeah . I mean it was n't really really bad , but it got no real attention . As far as Kpop goes , people may "
positive	" Long weekend ! ! Yoga outside under the sun , Tai Chi set and Chai tea for quiet time with the Dao Te Ching . Namaste HTTPURL "
positive	" Gay sex may be a sin , but who are we to judge ? How does it affect us ? Let God be the judge . Do n't tell me you 've never sinned ... #hypocrites "
neutral	" Hey Shawn , you 're suspended for Friday 's game " " No I 'm not " " " " You right . I 'm sorry . I 'm suspended . Good luck fam " " "
positive	@USER Rousey and Stephanie may beat her to it but I know what you mean . She 's a special talent .
neutral	Dosu with super Eagles coach Sunday oliseh nd Larry Izamoje ... HTTPURL
negative	" Listening to " " Bad Blood " " Remix with Kendrick Lamar ... I may be old , and that 's ok ... but what in the hell do all of those acronyms stand for ? "
negative	" @USER @USER I see . Well , illegal is illegal . On Muslims , you may have meant Islamic extremists . But I make assumptions . "
neutral	The multinational joint task force put together to battle the Boko Haram insurgency is expected swing into action on July 21st - Femi Adesina
neutral	" Game in progress , but Kris Bryant has hit his 15th HR . He has 3 - RBIs at the moment . "
neutral	@USER If Harry or Louis planned on coming out that plan changed . Briana may have been part of the new strategy-Louis is straight +
positive	Happy Trails to Frank Gifford . Grew up with him calling MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL and always found him an underrated broadcaster . #RIP
negative	Need someone to get the April / May Kris Bryant back to Chicago because his at bats are getting worse
positive	Dustin Johnson might be the best Thursday / Friday golfer on the tour . If only a tournament was two days .
negative	Are we taking bets on when Dustin Johnson has a meltdown at the PGA ? Saturday ? Sunday ? #DustinJohnson #PGAChampionship #choke
neutral	" John Kasich Quiet on Trump , but Says Women ' Make Things Better ' : Ohio Gov . John Kasich on Sunday did n't want t ... HTTPURL "
neutral	[ ESPN Video ] K . Murray run for 23 yds for a 1ST down : Kyler Murray run for 23 yds to the ArzSt 36 fo ... HTTPURL #TexasAM
positive	On this divine day of Eid may Allah shower his blessings on u & ur loved ones ... & fill ur life with ... HTTPURL
positive	" Justin Bieber , wrapped up a generous qualifications , which could speak to the better than she may endeavour at first private "
neutral	Gay couples will try to wed as defiant clerk sits in jail : Several deputy clerks say they will comply with a c ... HTTPURL
positive	Going to see Amy schumer in Nashville tonight . But do n't worry I got your epl plays over on @USER HTTPURL
positive	Come to the Twilight market next Tues 22 Dec from 2-6 pm - your last chance to stock up before we reopen on Jan 16 ! HTTPURL
positive	Kris Bryant hits a pop-up 4 an opposite field walkoff HR to win it w / 2 outs in the 9th . A perfectly Wrigley HR .
positive	I want to make a shirt with Niall 's tweet and wear it every Monday
positive	My whole family is gonna jam out to calibraska tomorrow in the car #CalibraskaEP
positive	My mom and I sat in the bathroom all night jamming nirvana and painting our nails & just talking . Probably the best night I 've had in awhile
neutral	" Braun homers , but Reds stop Brewers win streak : Ryan Braun hit his 25th home run of the season , but the Cincin ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Tomorrow 's Times leads with government child abuse cover up . #newsnight go with Allegra Stratton 's love letter to George Osborne
neutral	SAT Prep . @USER backing the @USER is like @USER : backing Ryan Braun . #SpyGate #deflategate
positive	whatcha want from Dunkin tomorrow sweetheart ? @USER
neutral	" Dustin Johnson may wind up being another in the long list of athletes with " " million dollar arm and five cent head " " ... hope not "
neutral	Yoga event Sept 19th with Zen horses at Stardust Sanctuary HTTPURL
negative	Celebrity Big Brother has dipped below 1million viewers for the first time ever in its new Saturday timeslot : HTTPURL #cbb
neutral	we pumping inside twilight on Dec 19th UGLY SWEATER FETE'R with @USER @USER @USER @USER Get Mad Now ..
positive	Saturday is National Hot Dog Day . Celebrate accordingly with ketchup & relish .
positive	" There 's this scene in the 2nd season of naruto where sasuke says " " what 's up " " and I laugh so hard every time "
neutral	Tomorrow I will be Djing with Ahbaya yoga instructor Joy Radish for a FREE session of Sunset Yoga at Lakeside in ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER @USER @USER @USER Levy left us short last season but Kane saved our season . This time you may see us drift .
positive	" It 's 4.33 am , I can't sleep . Just bought two pairs of sun glasses online n caught up on Hulk Hogan news . Livin the dream ... "
positive	Frank Gifford called 411 games in the history of Monday Night Football . This is the most MNF broadcast history . HTTPURL
positive	Nice 7th inning for the Red Sox
neutral	" @USER do the " " Gucci " " Foamposites come out on September 4th or September 25th ? I 've been hearing both dates but I 'm not sure who to trust "
neutral	Bertolacci ruled out of Milan derby : Milan defender Andrea Bertolacci will miss the derby with Inter on Sunday ... HTTPURL
positive	FACT Bigbang is the only 3rd Generation of KPOP grp that are still complete . ( cr.Seungrisenpai )
negative	" Ye olde war mongerer , Tony Blair is back . This is your fault you prick ! HTTPURL #FuckoffBlair #WarCriminal #ParisAttacks "
neutral	" Camila is really a fangirl goals . Hanging out with Taylor , Niall and now Lucy . C'mon dude "
negative	" @USER @USER If Israel withdrew from West Bank tomorrow it would be taken over by Hamas , ISIS or Iran in a week . "
neutral	Tulowitzki gives the @USER a 2-1 lead over the Red Sox in the top of the 10th with an RBI single to LF !
positive	" the fact that Ice Cube said " " Bye Felicia " " and it made it to Friday makes me happy lol "
positive	trying to think what I 'm gonna do when I see Paul McCartney on Friday and so far it 's either cry or faint or both
negative	Former Soldier Arrested Over Bloody Sunday - disgusting - then the IRA like Adams etc should be arrested now HTTPURL
positive	@USER Pumpkin will be at a Dunkin ' near you by August 31 ! #DDPumpkin
neutral	@USER @USER but Nicki dissed her first n threw the 1st shots all d while copying her
negative	Massive thunderstorm over Milan last night . A few more of those expected across the coming days . Friday looking sketchy .
positive	" Good morning , Nerds . For good or bad , for the best or the worst : Today is STAR WARS Day ! May the force be with you . "
negative	@USER Hi Greg . My daughter missed a call on Friday ( Star Caller ) from The Vamps . She is devastated . Any chance of them doing it again ? x
negative	Hearing that #ToKillAMockingbird and #GoSetAWatchman have identical passages gives more reason not to read it ... Watchman is a 1st draft !
neutral	meatwadzone on PS4 ... #StreakBum Madden 16 is all about throwing up the ball on 3rd down and getting lucky .
neutral	tomorrow will mark the third anniversary of Niall picking marks nose and eating his boogers
neutral	According to Rolling Stone the Straight Outta Compton OST will not be released August 1st but @USER will anounce the release Date Saturday .
neutral	@USER @USER @USER I think Shawn may be recast . Look at the guy MM recently started following . Looks just like him .
positive	You know Kim Kardashian may be known for her sex tape but lets admit that woman has done something . And yes she ... HTTPURL
neutral	if you 're not a Sam Smith fan you may want to miss the first few minutes of Bond 's SPECTRE .. #SPECTRE #Bond #SamSmith HTTPURL
positive	We did or not I 'm Happy that place and anyway congrats to all who support to Lady Gaga she got 2nd place #MTVStars Lady Gaga
positive	@USER @USER @USER The last run I saw was against the White Sox with two outs in the 6th ... Still really good streak regardless .
neutral	The question is not whether Floyd Mayweather will beat Andre Berto . The question is whether he will retire after Saturday .
neutral	Did you know that ' Kanye West ' was Trending Topic on Monday 31 for 8 hours in Abu Dhabi ? HTTPURL #trndnl
negative	Speightoo got court tomorrow I hope shit turn out to be gucci iono want my boa in that G wall
negative	" ' There 's no point to Sharknado , they may as well as had Slothnado . Sloths killing ppl with their hooks ' "
positive	answered all requests but signing off for the night it is time for Sharknado 3 Oh Hell No ! see you all tomorrow
neutral	Murray gets the break he needed . Even 's things in the 3rd . Anderson has 3 sets to fail if Murray hopes to win .
neutral	" Frank Gifford , a golden boy who helped usher the NFL into its golden age , died Sunday , exactly a week shy of his ... HTTPURL "
negative	" Hey @USER , start worrying a little less about Tom Brady and start punishing actual criminals HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER Fair enough . Unrelated , think I may go see Ant-Man again tomorrow if you 're interested . "
neutral	" Thoughts on the Detroit Tigers , Arian Foster , and Floyd Mayweather in today 's Daily Six Pack : HTTPURL #sports #MLB #NBA #NFL "
neutral	@USER v Real Madrid 99k . 3rd best support in 13 yrs - what does that make the rest ? We had 32k in div 2 but who cares really .
neutral	" Simultaneously exhilarated and humbled prepping to teach Christians , Muslims and Jews in the Middle Ages for the 1st time ; 1/2 "
neutral	" Breaking from the " " 11th commandment , " " Scott Walker targets Jeb Bush in a new video HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER @USER C'mon , the next Nesta ? Says who ? Think when comparing Inter and Milan 's defence this season , Ausilio got it spot on "
positive	Heading to Va . Beach tomorrow for Jason Aldean and the Burn It Down Tour ? Here 's info for you ! Showtimes : ( all ... HTTPURL
positive	I will be seeing Justin Bieber on my 18th birthday and I literally can not explain the joy in my heart right now
neutral	" And as we all know , the Mets used the second of those picks to draft a baby-faced high school 3rd baseman from Virginia named David Wright . "
neutral	" MILAN , Aug 24 ( Reuters ) - Lock Marco Bortolami , 35 , Italy 's most capped player with 112 appearances , has been left out of the 31 - man squad "
positive	" Getting super hype for the tension filled #UntilDawn , PS4 ' s adventure survival horror thriller which is out tomorrow . HTTPURL "
neutral	" I still would like a Nicki follow , but if she followed me , she 'd just be a flop that followed me . HTTPURL "
neutral	Anderson now has the confidence to take rips at the Murray 2nd serve . Time to take off a few mph and up the first serve percentage Andrew
neutral	At last the dam breaks : Gay couple gets license to wed in Kentucky county : HTTPURL via @USER
negative	A really unimpressive 1st half of football at Wembley ( then again what do you expect . ) can see Kane coming on early on . #ENGvSWI #England
neutral	Spoiler alert David HassleHoff wearing a David Price mask will bunt in the 9th #BlueJays hes hooked on a feeling #ComeTogether
neutral	@USER @USER Hearing Dana White wants UFC in Dec at ATT Stadium in Dallas 3 months before WM32 with Rousey . #HEEL
positive	" Officially going to the Kenny Chesney , Jason Aldean , Brantley Gilbert , and Cole Swindal concert on Saturday ! ! Excited beyond words ! ! "
positive	@USER When I hear the words Monday Night Football I still think Frank Gifford . Thank you for sharing his testimony on the air !
neutral	I have a Jason Aldean ticket for Friday if anyone wants it !
neutral	@USER This is like Floyd Mayweather challenging a 3rd grade girl with MS to a fight . #overmatched
positive	Ca n't believe Naruto is still running .. I remember watching it when I was in the 6th grade
neutral	Prepping for tomorrow 's National Hot Dog Day . Hot dog cupcakes with whipped icing weenie and condiments . It 's a ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Yes I have a final tomorrow , but more importantly I need the Kim Kardashian emojis . "
negative	@USER Media did sympathize with Yakub n help in producing many young Yakubs in India . But you guys claim u r 4th pillar.bloody shame
negative	" . @USER @USER Gov John Kasich says " " The sun is going to rise in America again " " No , the blood of 54,000 , 000 innocents cries out . "
neutral	Check out Dean Ambrose in the 1st trailer for 12 Rounds 3 : Lockdown HTTPURL
negative	it was n't a little sobbing cry it was like full on tears pourin Kim Kardashian type of cry . Man I hate Big Hero 6 . Rip baemax-me 5th hour
positive	Happy 30th Birthday to David Price ! He is 3-0 with a 1.78 ERA in 4 starts with the #BlueJays . HTTPURL
neutral	" Moderate rain fall in D . C . , Prince George 's & Charles counties . Showers also in Culpeper . 1st day of school there ! HTTPURL "
neutral	The stakes are high in Floyd Mayweather 's last fight ! Stream it live on SS2 on the DStv Now app Sunday morning at 3am HTTPURL
neutral	Ohio Gov . John Kasich actually just 1 point from 4th in latest Q poll on jammed GOP field HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	" I do n't get too riled up , because Nicki may be dancing with Miley onstage at the next awards show . #VMAs "
positive	Catching up on Big Brother since I did n't get to watch it Wednesday or Thursday !
neutral	" Kanye West may not be our next POTUS , but regardless of whether he lands in the White House or not , Chelsea ... HTTPURL "
negative	To all the people who will buy Go Set a Watchman tomorrow : go buy / read To Kill a Mockingbird instead
positive	New Eco zombies DLC comes to the PS4 tomorrow ! Ca n't wait ! ! HTTPURL
negative	Hard movie to watch about an IRA member who starved himself to death in protest while in prison . He may have been ... HTTPURL
positive	Celebrate 3rd Day of Eid Transmission With Dj Tariq & Dj Adeel 10:00 Pm To 12:00 Mn Enjoy with FM 101 HApPy EiD ... HTTPURL
neutral	Seems you need a new Tv if you did n't see Saraki with the President at a meeting and at Eid prayers ! HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Mets have had a rough stretch . They NEEDED a win like that . Kinda sorta their equivalent of the Kris Bryant Monday walkoff .
neutral	Remember when Harry was ab to deliver a baby and Niall just kinda sat down on the couch not phased by the lady #MYVHottest One Direction
positive	If you 're truly my friend you 'll play David Bowie 's Greatest Hits when I 'm about to have my 1st kid
positive	" #Gawker Nigerian Army Frees 101 Children , 77 Adults From Boko Haram : On Sunday , the Nigerian army announced it ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Wow August , 7.2015 Has already begun today " " Naruto : Boruto The Movie " " From Japan to the entire world :) ( y ) "
positive	" first thing I 'm doing when I land tomorrow is stopping at dunkin , it 's been a whole week "
negative	Gucci bags subconscious mind brashness january break the seal the dichotomous thy cat far out rise versus indu ...
neutral	going to need Dunkin tomorrow can someone plz help ya girl out
positive	HTTPURL > > The top 3 Monday Night Football intros for the Dallas Cowboys from Frank Gifford HTTPURL
neutral	Guys help me out . Sunday should I wear the Brock Lesnar Suplex City shirt or Dean Ambrose ?
positive	Get exactly what you want ... Incredible Art Gallery 15th and Curtis ! #Denver #disney #disneyfineart HTTPURL
negative	@USER Olivia and I were so confused Curtis was going to be THE move tomorrow
neutral	United 's best business of the last 3 September transfer windows was sabotaging the De Gea deal with Real Madrid . Ed Woodward : Comedy genius
positive	I 'm really looking forward to adding Kanye West to our wall of presidential candidates at the office tomorrow . #VMAs
positive	It was a WILD night at @USER Jazz at the Bistro . Amy Schumer & cast dug our 2nd set & had a comedy jam - Epic ! HTTPURL
positive	" Thursday will mark Tom Brady 's 14th consecutive opening day start , the largest active streak in the NFL ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Brock Lesnar 's return to MSG to air live on the WWE Network : It was announced on Sunday night during SummerSla ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER C'mon Huck ! Gay marriage is legal nationwide , if she does n't want to give them certificates she needs a new job . "
neutral	Gay marriage fight in Kentucky faces moment of truth Tuesday : The Supreme Court ruled against the county clerk ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Hulk Hogan may be on the hot seat , but racism in pro wrestling is far from being down for the count HTTPURL "
neutral	" Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh has settled for six players from the Glo Premier League to make the trip with ... HTTPURL "
negative	Connor McGregor will lose Saturday and that combined with the Ronda Rousey loss may send Dana White into a deep depression #aldovsmcgregor
neutral	" Hate Ice Cube for Are We There Yet all you want . But he gave us It Was A Good Day , and all the Friday movies . "
negative	" Frank Ocean 's new album is rumored to drop tomorrow and I hope it does , but I know it 's not gonna happen "
neutral	Prince George will celebrate his 2nd birthday with the Middletons & no Charles HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	why did u fave calvins tweet to zayn when you shaded taylor Hella hard december 16th 2012 at 8: 17pm eastern time ? @USER
positive	someone come see janet jackson with me in march since my mom is forcing me to go lol
negative	briana was waiting the baby since dec 24 and its impossible being pregnant for almost a year #MTVStars one direction HTTPURL
positive	" So not only is it National Hot Dog Day on Thursday , its also National Tequila Day on Friday ! ! ! Fancy that ... HTTPURL "
neutral	What website do you go to get Paul McCartney tickets online tomorrow ?
neutral	selling my justin bieber ticket for May 11th at the td garden in Boston for a discounted price tonight ! ! dm me !
neutral	" Just want to listen to Iron Maiden 's new album all day tomorrow , but I have work and a project to do so "
positive	From the makers of the Sharknado franchise comes a new movie on Saturday called Lavalantula . I must see this .
positive	" For those reminding today is Thor 's day , you 've all won a prize ! You may collect your commemorative hammer at Ragnarok . "
positive	@USER ohn cena you are my favorite wrestler of all time great match with Seth Rollins on Monday night raw sorry you broke your nose .
neutral	@USER When are you back ? Was home for a week for Eid now back to resume SweatFest 2015 . Back to the daily grind tomorrow #SadFace
positive	Wednesday I will make sure to be fully awake for Dark Souls and will likely got for a couple of hours instead of my normal 2
neutral	" @USER Um ... sir , I 'll concede that your daughter may be a rising star . Rahul Gandhi though ? God save us all if he continues to rise "
negative	" @USER it may have gone up , but you are still in last place . No joe Maddon or David Price , next is Longoria "
neutral	The newly-crowned Miss USA is n't afraid to talk about Donald Trump : Source : HTTPURL - Saturday ... HTTPURL
neutral	Justin Bieber in Anguilla . ( December 28 ) ( JUSTIN and Hailey just friends . our Justin alone ) HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Well , they meant in the west . Or rather , they 're just not making 1st party games for it . Because PS4 makes $ $ $ "
positive	So my sister and I are going to Ed Sheeran on Saturday ...
positive	Watching again Saturday night the beautiful #Snowpiercer I thought that I never saw Chris Evans so hot like in that movie or in #Sunshine .
positive	" @USER This one will finish Dark Souls 2 while awaiting April 12th ... Also , a lot of skooma to pass the time . "
positive	" J.Cole > Kendrick Lamar , biased opinion Kendrick is growing on me and the February album if true will be lit "
positive	Saturday Night Dance Party with 93.7 The Bull + Jason Aldean After Party ! ! ! Free Cover ' til 8p m + $ 1.75 Wells & ... HTTPURL
neutral	" MILAN - Italian Premier Matteo Renzi on Thursday defended the government 's move to save four local banks , saying HTTPURL "
positive	Some people may not bother but Happy Birthday Milan . Thank you for everything you have done for us #xbanaMilan #swfc HTTPURL
positive	" I was so said when I heard this , it 's two separate song , by j Cole and Kendrick but use each others beats HTTPURL "
positive	" EXCITED ! ! ! Ca n't wait to see Sam Smith in concert tonight - Austin , TX . Going to be a great 18th Wedding Anniversary with hubby ! ! "
neutral	@USER will the Dana White interview be up Tuesday ?
neutral	Might bring a pack of tissues for the Ed Sheeran concert next Tuesday ..
positive	" Enjoy trudging to work . I 'm in a lovely hotel in my pants , contemplating how good the Foo Fighters will be tomorrow . "
positive	Thinking about going to the White Sox on the 25th to cheer for the #RedSox #redsox :-) HTTPURL
neutral	Is anyone going to that Eid festival thing in trafalgar square tomorrow ?
neutral	Bored ? Check out the 1st of 2 articles I am writing for @USER on Christians and cultural interaction ! HTTPURL
positive	" @USER Disclaimer : Some music may cause high BP spikes , I showed up to my Dr Appt with a BP of 180/190 after rocking to Nirvana ;) "
neutral	" Sunday Oliseh , the new Super Eagles team have his baptism of fire when the team almost suffer a defeat from their host Taifas of Tanzania . "
neutral	Only rapper out there who could really fuck with a Kendrick instrumental . Respect ! HTTPURL
positive	Ca n't wait for barbershop 3 and the last Friday to come out . Ice cube is a top actor
negative	" It 's a busy Monday . Dangerously hot . NFL legend Frank Gifford dies , and more violence in Ferguson , Mo . We are on the air now . #WakeUpWith11 "
neutral	" @USER @USER Miley & Nicki staged it . Not only did NM break a smile , from the 2nd c-angle Miley says " " what " " , before Nicki states topic "
positive	Lithium may just be my favorite Nirvana song oat
neutral	" 6 km march by Rahul Gandhi in Barpeta , Assam is probably the shortest long march in Indian history of politics . "
positive	I 'm gonna call out of work tomorrow because Kane turns 1 and it 's a big deal #catmom #gotmypictureforinstagramready
negative	Funny how you speak the truth and people still justify their wrong doings may a higher power guide all of you misguided Muslims AND jews <3
neutral	#pulse_ng Sunday Oliseh : Super Eagles coach says he has been approached before HTTPURL
neutral	This song may have only been released to Kanye West and John Legend before it was performed . #whitepeopleareclueless HTTPURL
positive	" Thursday night Fantasy Draft , Friday day Charlotte football viewing party , Friday night Jason Aldean , Saturday ECU , Sunday LKN ! "
positive	Gayathri Kumar . @USER Have you seen these handsome Katy Perry images ? You may wonder : HTTPURL
neutral	Apparently we should have negotiated with Real Madrid despite them not actually submitting a bid for until Sunday .
positive	It 's crazy how I listened to Frank Ocean again for the first time since 9th grade & it 's like I time skipped from 9th grade to now wtf
neutral	@USER well tbh my friend yesterday found an article about Briana being pregnant from Louis from November or December 14th 2014
negative	When they sing the chorus all together after Zayn 's 2nd solo in 18 is where it all goes down hill
positive	Happy birthday @USER . May your day be filled with everything Kris Bryant and Alfonso Soriono
positive	Oh yes ! We now have a pre-order up for the forthcoming David Bowie ' Blackstar ' LP out 8th Jan HTTPURL
positive	@USER I cant stop watched the video that have those 2nd pict.Harry dancing in front of Zayn and he looks so happy.ha !
negative	Sorry I can't make it in to work tomorrow got caught in a SHARKNADO
positive	" Last day in this factory , and frank ocean rumors . Happy Friday boys "
neutral	@USER I 've brought one of David Bowie cds today the 30th anniversary edition and night night x
positive	" Apart from the 4th inning mastery by David Price , the best part of the game was my boi Gregg Zaun going OFF on Yordano Ventura . "
positive	Well buzzin for the Foo Fighters on Tuesday
positive	Listen to John Cena 6th WWE Theme Song - The Time Is Now lmfao might as well listen to it its everywhere HTTPURL
neutral	@USER : Prashant Kishore may be a Chanakya but not capable enough 2 make a leader like Rahul Gandhi the PM of this great country .
neutral	Manchester United may have slammed the door shut on David de Gea joining Real Madrid in the New Year .
neutral	@USER Kasi nga diba may prejudice pa rin about black entertainers ? Also Miley says that Nicki keeps pulling the race card - -
neutral	#lrt I had a 7th grader belting out David Bowie songs on the surf club trip . :)
positive	" BreakingNews : ' Ant-Man ' wins box office for 2nd weekend with $ 24.8 million haul , edging out ' Pixels ' - USATODAY HTTPURL "
neutral	" I really want Justin to take a picture with Kendall , Miley , Ariana and Zayn on Sunday "
positive	definitely going to need Dunkin tomorrow .
neutral	" Selling 1 section B , Row 5 , seat 28 to The Vamps in Jan on the 23rd ! ! ! right in front of brad HMU @USER HTTPURL "
neutral	" Twins Highlight : Miguel Sano hits his 15th HR in just his 50th game , Tommy Milone ( 7 IP , 3 H ) in 3-0 win vs . White Sox ( ESPN ) "
neutral	I would have posted a podcast if the threat of getting stung by a yellowjacket on Monday and seeing Ant-man last night had n't occurred .
positive	Can you believe it ? ! Kris Bryant and the Cubs walk off in the 9th ! ! 5 in a row ! ! Lester pitched great and we ... HTTPURL
positive	" Iran ranked in top five best #futsal teams in the world after Spain , Brazil , Russia and Italy ! #football HTTPURL "
neutral	Who wants tickets to the Red Sox tomorrow 1 o'clock game two tickets
neutral	" us : Curtis call the drivers Curtis to Siri : " " call papa johns 4th street " " "
neutral	@USER wrestling guru @USER tells us why Rousey may not be the best UFC fighter ever HTTPURL @USER
positive	@USER hurry up man I want u to win back 5th U . S . Champion against Seth Rollins
neutral	Naruto Cards TCG CCG Angering the Beast 872 Foil 1st edi RARE COMBINED SHIPPING HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER then tomorrow is your day , gay "
positive	" David Duval , who needed to birdie the 18th last night just to get qualify for the weekend , is now only two shots behind Dustin Johnson . "
positive	" Crazy asian Driver with the Need for Speed can't wait November 5 Official E3 Trailer PC , PS4 , Xbox One HTTPURL via @USER "
positive	@USER @USER @USER 3rd : Briana is the only one I can trust
positive	" The day has finally come ! Iron Maiden have released the first single from their upcoming 16th studio album , The ... HTTPURL "
positive	But seriously . Free ticket to Ed Sheeran on Saturday . Only catch is you have to go with me .
positive	Well I pulled a Dustin Johnson on the 18th but I 'm proud to say I played the best 9 holes of my life tonight #GoLow HTTPURL
neutral	" the Rousey fight got pushed up to November ... still time for Holm to fake an injury , before Ronda injures her #UFC193 "
neutral	" Did you know ? In 1984 , President Reagan made July National Ice Cream Month & established National Ice Cream Day the 3rd Sunday in the month ! "
neutral	Kendrick Lamar goes in on Black Friday ! ! ! It has been on repeat since it came out gah damn
positive	Ca n't wait to see what 's going to happen between The Undertaker and Brock Lesnar on tonight 's @USER #RAW before #SummerSlam this Sunday
neutral	Remember that time Wayne ran across the show to help Nicki up the stairs but tn Meek just sat in his seat while my mom had to wait for Rebel
positive	" Happy Friday everyone . I 'll be LIVE from @USER from 5-7 tonight . Then , I 'll head over to Liberty v Milan . "
neutral	@USER I learned on Friday that my Bacon number is 4 ! So I have to work in the Erdos and Sabbath numbers next . Or Iron Maiden # instead ?
negative	" Also , I see Dustin Johnson is leading after the 1st round of a major again . So he 's gonna choke on the weekend again ? #boring "
neutral	@USER This is from the Charlie Hebdo attacks that took place on January 7th
neutral	Is anybody going to the Ed Sheeran concert in Houston this Thursday
positive	Family time then I 'm going to fire up the stream ! Either more SOMA or I may jump on the hype train and give Dark Souls a go ! 930pm tonight !
neutral	" @USER @USER glad you both enjoyed that haha ! I 'm still recovering from her tweet about Bad Blood , that was a 3rd degree burn "
positive	It would be extremely funny if this was really a prank . I 'm going to tell everyone it 's for Dunkin ' Donuts . HTTPURL
neutral	" Scott Walker was having a good day of campaigning Monday , and then something unexpected happened : The truth about ... HTTPURL "
neutral	John Kasich may want to change his King for a Day statement after reviewing this :) HTTPURL
positive	Victoria : Do you want to see Janet Jackson Saturday ? ! Thanks to our friends from Revolution Auto Group we have 2 ... HTTPURL
positive	I want to see Sharknado 3 . Someone record it onto a DVD tomorrow and bring it to the track Thursday .
positive	I just want Thursday to come for Naruto
positive	I have a feeling that Nicki 's performance at the VMAs will be the only good one tomorrow
positive	Someone should tell frank ocean that tomorrow would be a great day to release an album
neutral	" A rumor alleges Caitlyn Jenner may appear on Season 4 of " " Orange is the New Black . " " HTTPURL #tv #news HTTPURL "
positive	@USER oh ! ! Maybe pride tomorrow ? Or metro ? ? I rlly wanna go to that Asian place with Kpop stuff ...
neutral	" REELZ is going to broadcast Miss USA tomorrow , finally someone is brave enough to step up . NBC 's liberal ways has got to go ! ! ! "
neutral	" Remember Amy Schumer on #RedEye ... sadly now I think she may think she is " " to good for panel " " "
neutral	I 'm Team Nicki but I would never openly say something bad about Taylor Swift because I think she may have snipers on retainer .
neutral	" @USER Shawn , do you live in a hoose or a house ? It 's the latter ! C'mon ... "
positive	Ed Sheeran tomorrow ! ! ! You ready to be up close and personal with my future husband @USER ?
positive	hopefully Zayn will tweet something tomorrow so I will be hydrated the crops will be watered children fed skin clear FINGERS CROSSED
positive	" sat in my room , listening to the room and frank ocean ... how moist am i "
negative	Part of me hopes Abbott does it b / c I believe it will blow up in his face if he singles out Christians . It may take time for him to see why
neutral	" sat with the girls watching youngfreesinglelive & getting told similar i am to laura , then she goes on a date with a bloody GAY .. she is me . "
negative	Not a great start for the amateur Paul Dunne . Imagine having to compose yourself to hit your third ball ( 5th shot ) off the tee on hole 2 !
positive	@USER exactly ! Seeing Undertaker and Brock Lesnar go at it would 've been my 4th grade dream come true hahaha
positive	ET Review : Motorola Moto G ( 3rd Gen ): We have always recommended the Moto G for budget-conscious users w ... HTTPURL #News
positive	" I 'm just gonna say it - - a cypher with Big Sean , Kendrick Lamar , J . Cole & I is all I 've wanted since the 10th grade . "
neutral	Jesus Sends Part 2 tomorrow as we finish Gospel of Matthew . Making disciples and not just Christians . C you @USER at 9 or 10:46 .
positive	I 'm going to Milan tomorrow omg I forgot ? ? ?
neutral	" @USER Kane . Still remember the deadline day swoop for Berba . Something similar to happen on Tuesday , maybe ? "
negative	they actually went out just this January after the shooting at Charlie Hebdo which makes today harder #PrayForParis HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER my 13 yr old cousin didnt know Ice Cube was a rapper ... just an " " superstar actor " " from the Friday movies lol "
positive	@USER can you play some Iron Maiden for me while I 'm stuck at work on a Saturday night !
negative	@USER Yo dicko ! ! It was pure sectarian bigotry from the IRA councillor which started this in the 1st place ! !
positive	@USER i 'm not a huge fan myself but you know Murray will probably comeback in the 3rd & 4th set knowing him .
neutral	I 've woken up to a text every day since Friday with somebody different telling me I look like Ice Cube
positive	" In addition to Bad Blood , my brain is also shuffling the Wonder Woman theme and California Gurls . Still better than November Rain . "
neutral	Would n't it be hilarious if Tom Brady warmed up with this football before Thursday 's game ? HTTPURL
neutral	@USER but the difference is thay Rousey will fight whoever they throw at her and may picks his fights
positive	Wish I am now in Japan to feel the Naruto mood and watch #BorutoTheMovie . Malaysia November baru nak keluaq
neutral	Me : briana you 're room has been like this since the 8th grade Bri : calm down I got new blinds
neutral	the boys apart of harry actually talked to us about the hiatus when zayn gave a subtle interview to the sun then left twitter for two weeks
positive	Transgender is a difficult subject but it has been timed well with the Caitlyn Jenner thing so that may give it some appeal .
neutral	" Yo Nate , Shawn and Wanya . How about when you come to Namibia in October . Can we get same tees printed Namibia ? HTTPURL "
neutral	" And thank you for stopping by , Dustin Johnson . Maybe he just does n't like Monday mornings . "
positive	The boys have this Christmas concert in San Jose in Dec . that I might go to ... I feel like Zayn will be back in the band by then
positive	Ant-Man is here through the 30th ! ! #AntMan #Summer HTTPURL
negative	Craziest day ever and back for 3 shifts at work tomorrow ( Kim Kardashian cry face )
neutral	Milone next up in ' Septober ' march for Twins : Shortly before kicking off their series against the White Sox on ... HTTPURL
negative	it 's August 15 and Frank Ocean still has n't dropped an album
neutral	I have one spare ticket for Foo Fighters at Milton Keynes on Saturday September 5th . Please can someone buy it . I am poor .
neutral	In the 8th it has really started to get out of hand the White Sox now lead the #Royals 12-0 in the 8th
positive	" May Odin , Thor , and Frey lend me the strength of my Viking ancestors to make it through my next two finals . #backtostroz #FiNoles "
positive	Thanks @USER and @USER for the #sipselfie for @USER - you may remember Curtis from ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Believe me , benefit culture is the least of my valid issues with Muslims in Britain . HTTPURL "
neutral	" you do n't usually get a tough opponent till week 2 , Murray 's had 3 in the 1st week . Whoever heard of having to play 7 top 40 players to win "
neutral	" Today in Beatles History ( May 15 , 1967 ): Paul McCartney meets Linda Eastman for the first time at the Bag O'Nails nightclub in London . "
positive	" I have School by Nirvana stuck in my head , along with January 28th & Apparently by J . Cole . Not necessarily a bad thing lol "
positive	Floyd Mayweather Says Muhammad Ali Is the 5th Best Boxer of All Time HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	" 6am whilst at work may not have been best time to listen for the first time , but not completely feeling the new Iron Maiden just yet :-/ "
negative	" @USER @USER @USER Pastors every Sunday believe that all Palestinian deaths are justified as Israel " " belongs " " to the Jewish . "
negative	@USER @USER Where as you find these Muslims Blocking roads in Busy Mumbai suberbs on every Friday for Jumma ki Namaz ! Why ?
positive	I mean I 'm ok with watching randy Orton and Shia labeouf for 2nd period
positive	" I 'm seeing Paul McCartney tomorrow , one the men most responsible for good music , at all . "
negative	" So , they are saying that Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with Manslaughter . Ca n't she say that " " Bruce " " was driving , not her ? #CaitlynJenner "
positive	I hope that tomorrow I will wake up with justin bieber in my stocking
neutral	Here is a column I compare Red Sox situation to Sharknado in the 11th paragraph . That is all ... HTTPURL via @USER
negative	" Christians and their " " the evil 3rd eye " " smh brah read ya bible ! ! "
neutral	Kim Kardashian emoji app tops Apple charts despite low ratings : Kim Kardashian 's bottom may have broken the in ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Iran " " IBNA - 12th Book Review Festival held based on scientific principals " " - [ As about as dry as it gets ? ] HTTPURL "
negative	May Allah knower from which country as Kuwait and bad guys that think power and support israel zionist.Their dedication with Nasa is Revert
neutral	I 'll drop my beta key 4 you through Shawn ? HTTPURL
neutral	" Paul Dunne w / Jacket : 2 bogeys on 1st 2 holes , without jacket : 1 birdie . Keep the jacket off kid ! #Amateur #finalround #TheOpen @USER "
neutral	@USER plays terrific TB & wins it with big off fh winner 7-5 . Murray with plenty of work to do now as sun goes down .
neutral	I 'm behind on Naruto now cause I have n't seen it all day . I hope I can get to the 400 ' s before school next Monday
neutral	Does anybody want to buy two Ed Sheeran concert tickets for September 22nd ? DM for details !
positive	The wait is over Twitter are you drunk ? Star Wars day is tomorrow .
positive	" Eager to read Go Set a Watchman . Will be out tomorrow , can't wait to get my hands on it ! "
neutral	" gotta stay up & watch Phillies replay to see if I made TV , bc that David Wright upper deck HR in the 2nd inning was right in front of me , "
neutral	@USER My Gay friend Steff met you on Friday can i get a retweet HTTPURL
positive	So pumped to be front row at the Red Sox tomorrow night w my boy @USER
negative	" If Justin and Shawn do n't unite tomorrow I will kill myself it 's been too long , how have they not met yet "
neutral	" THIS . If they wanted to give something to Bad Blood then it should 've been best pop vid or female vid , not VOTY HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER If we say that Islam is a hijacked religion ; we need to know when so it may be restored it to its previous peaceful state .
neutral	Dustin Johnson is fast becoming the Greg Norman of bad luck in golf majors . I hope DJ 's misfortune turns into something positive on Monday .
positive	" Saturday Social at Phoenix Bar is the SPOT to hit in the EV if you want a FUN , GAY , DANCE PARTY ! Holly Dae and I ... HTTPURL "
positive	Nicki getting hood just then gave me so much motivation to go to school tomorrow and get good grades and go to college I 'm so alive
negative	@USER IRA parade walked past my flat last Sunday with hunger striker & internment banners . Clear enough ? @USER
positive	Paul McCartney you are amazing but tiredness beats out everything . See you tomorrow @USER .
negative	Steve Jobs Film Bombs At the Box Office : Director Bizarrely Blames David Bowie : The Steve Jobs biopic may have ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER @USER Ty 4 the follow ! Much Love & Respect 2 a Hero of mine - David Bowie always ! Have a fantaztik Friday ! :) *
positive	ENDS TOMORROW ! Want to win $ 100 Visa + 5 copies of Paper Towns ? I just entered to win and you can too . HTTPURL
positive	Also tomorrow : Mayor Tory to celebrate National Hot Dog day . I 'm told he will not be pulling a Kobayashi + doing any hotdog eating contests
neutral	Remembering George Harrison of the beatles . Today is his 13th death anniversary .
positive	Loved the original PS Vita version . Glad to see PS4 owners will experience the game . HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER Oh ok , yeah I was just saying 3rd party not making many games for PS4 is n't 100 % Sony 's fault "
neutral	" We will be exhibiting at the Milan Map & Book Fair September 12th 11 am - 6 pm . Hotel Michelangelo , 20124 Milan ... HTTPURL "
positive	Happy 22nd bday @USER ! ! ! I hope your day is spoon free and filled with lots of pints from Niall ! !
positive	Monday mornings are a little more bearable with Zac Brown Band
positive	" Holy mother of all that is good , Kanye West 's speech at the Video Music Awards on Sunday was all sorts of burning ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Dustin Johnson has n't made a par in his last 10 holes - - seven bogeys and three birdies stretching back to the 15th in the third round .
negative	@USER @USER Part of me suspects Corbyn may march on his own party HQ with STW & blame it on Tony Blair . You never know .
neutral	The pumpkin spice comes back tomorrow at Dunkin . Time to pumpkin spice all the things .
positive	Yoga is good also for the skin ! HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Do you think David Wright will play on Monday ? In the starting lineup ?
neutral	Gucci host she self-reliance july dangle the span thine noteworthy inflooding access in consideration of exper ...
positive	That was another dramatic episode of Big Brother ! I 'll be back tomorrow with more tweets ! CYA !
negative	" Bake Off , Strictly , Big Brother , X Factor . It 's the TV equivalent of reading The Sun . What 's wrong with us ? Are we ashamed of intelligence ? "
positive	So it 's official ! Sam Smith is singing the #SPECTRE theme and it 's releasing tomorrow . I 'm ... ambivalent until I hear it
positive	Yoga and music charity-event in Malaysia the 19th of December 2016 <3 Amazing to work across borders with Ira ... HTTPURL
neutral	MANTOVA-MILAN ON THURSDAY : Milan to play a friendly at the Martelli Stadium . HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	@USER Muslims refugees by himself and then by right you could of sat at home and wanked over his pics
negative	Just heard the news about Nicole Scherzinger and Ed Sheeran splitting up . Another perfectly good Bank Holiday Monday ruined .
positive	" Ant-Man feels like a rough 1st draft of the Marvel universe ( namely Iron Man ) which it probably was , considering it 's where it all started . "
positive	" I have this thing now where I watch Sunday and Wed eps of Big Brother the day after they air then Thurs live , so much easier tbh . "
positive	Ca n't tell you how badly I wanna see Ed Sheeran thursday in Houston
neutral	Saudi Arabia supporting Egypt via debt purchases rather than put dollars in local banks . Probably the smarter move HTTPURL
neutral	" we do n't get enough Niall in yellow , I do n't like the color but he looks like the sun in it #MTVHottest One Direction "
positive	" @USER Only my 3rd tweet ever & it 's to you . At 20:45 in GoTG , is that Chris Evans as Nova Security ? "
negative	Remarkable Honda may leave milan - if he chose Lazio instead he may still have been playing football #Lazio #wrongchoice #SerieA
positive	" I love " " Bad Blood " " and I love the music video , but it is just Taylor acting a damn fool . Like c'mon . "
negative	" Again , Shekau absent in new Boko Haram video : The military said on Sunday that it had freed 178 people held ca ... HTTPURL "
negative	" Kanye West to replace Frank Ocean at FYF Fest this Saturday . If I had tickets , I 'd be pissed and fuckin ' AMPED at the same time . "
positive	We can't wait for Ira 's In-Depth Workshop at the 19th Annual Georgia Organics Conference ! Get your tickets today ... HTTPURL
neutral	" PRESS : " " R U worried Murray dominated his 3rd round ? " " DJOKER & ROGER : " " Only if he dominated ALL his matches like we did . " " #USOpen2015 #tennis "
negative	" Currently sweating more than Brock Lesnar , house feels like the sun "
neutral	@USER @USER also did n't Carlo build that Milan team ? Or maybe Silvio did all the work and he just sat back and ate pizza
neutral	" So I decided to make some predictions . Roma win Serie A , Juve 2nd and the two Milan clubs battle for the last CL spot . It goes to Inter . "
neutral	" Zinedine Zidane is saying he wants to be Real Madrid 's Pep Guardiola , that 's the man that got their 3rd division team relegated . "
positive	I shall remember November 2015 - when I was blessed with Black Friday with J Cole and Kendrick Lamar
neutral	Retiring Well With Michael Reese : Contributing To Your Roth IRA : A show airing Tuesday on 9 & 10 can help you av ... HTTPURL
neutral	Get ready for a & #160 ; serious earworm & #160 ; infection . A new mashup video & #160 ; of Kanye West & #160 ;d ancing at the VMAs on Sunday makes it
negative	I may have just dropped two letter grades of intelligence after listening to that Kanye West rant ...
neutral	I was part of an anti-war march that the media quoted roughly half the attendance figures and the rest ... well that was over to Tony Blair .
neutral	Briana is due to give birth on the 4th of January . It will be announced towards the end of February that Louis is not the father .
neutral	" #RAW Seth Rollins , I love to hate him . Best heel " " weasle " " in the game in god knows how many years . Monday night Rollins ! "
positive	" I really want flor and Milan to open their presents , I do n't want to wait till Friday "
neutral	" @USER I was wrong , the shoot-out to Charlie Hebdo was on january 7 , France have had along year multiple attacks , mainly in Paris ... "
positive	" I 'm going to see Ant-Man . Wednesday , 19 August 2015 at 14:00 in Newport - Spytty Park HTTPURL #Cineworld "
neutral	" @USER A thing on Rolling Stone today . As for your 2nd question , some REALLY want you know they 're not the " " ignorant " " stereotype . "
negative	I 'll see all you band kids at dunkin tomorrow morning #yourlifesucks #mylifesucks #buymecoffeetoo
positive	" Jason Aldean concert while working from home , I 'd say it 's a good Friday ! #JasonAldeanTODAY "
positive	mailjet : It 's Fri ... we mean Star Wars Day . May the force be with all of your emails ! HTTPURL
neutral	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL Daniel Bryan engages in a Hulkamania pose-fest with Hulk Hogan : SmackDown , April 11 , "
neutral	" Scott Walker to the poor : You may die or go bankrupt , but you 'll always have George Michael ! HTTPURL HTTPURL "
negative	" Is Noel fielding having a chat on tfi Friday or is Chris Evans going to keep on rabbiting another break " " groan " " ! ! ! "
positive	" the 2nd part of U by Kendrick Lamar is so emotional tbh like his voice , he sounds so hurt "
positive	I like Fridays bc i get paid & i go to Dunkin in the morning & get powdered doughnuts :) ) but tmrw is Thursday :(
positive	@USER This was at the Foo Fighters gig on Sunday night . He was a persistent little * * * er . Love that derby skills are transferable ! ;)
neutral	86 % of the men that showed up for the million man march were Christians so Who really made the call ! ? It was God Himself ! #NOISunday
positive	. @USER I first saw him on Dana White 's pilot episode and saw his fight in October - he does look impressive
neutral	" Foo Fighters in October , Shinedown in November , Jaguars in December , and Razorbacks in between . Are you ready @USER ? "
positive	" @USER happy Eid greetings to you too , May Allah bless you "
positive	Tomorrow is Thor 's Day . He 's allowed on the team because his hammer is powered by lightning . No hammers on the team without electricity !
neutral	I think it may take a women like Caitlyn Jenner to beat a man like Serena Williams . #USOpen2015 #VenusVsSerena
positive	" David Price , Justin Smoak send Jays by Yanks for 7th win in row HTTPURL always a Great day when tha Yankees lose ... # $ Ball "
positive	Belting out the U2 classics on MTV because that my friends is how Saturday night should be #cantsingforshit
neutral	@USER @USER Just wanted to say all ppl with different views may not b cowards or have mercy towards Yakub .
neutral	Louis was still in LA until February 5th and he went clubbing during those days where he met Briana and Ashley . HTTPURL
neutral	" Caitlyn Jenner and Jazz Jennings are on the agenda for tomorrow 's OSAMP Live , 4pm via Google - join us ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Balotelli will be back to playing for Milan in the first game back after this break ! Jan 6th vs Bologna ! [ CorSport ]
positive	" There 's nothing like being sick on a Friday night , with a great book , listening to third eye blind , nirvana and radio head ... "
neutral	" #BB17 protip : Always DVR the hour show after Big Brother on Sundays , because sports . After Sept 1 , up it to 2 hours , football is long . "
neutral	. @USER actually Steven Hawking mentioned this ... no lie . He said Zayn never left 1D ... he 's in a parallel universe . HTTPURL
positive	@USER Thank you ! Maybe this may attract more American fans to Kpop ? Or maybe even Kpop fans to English pop ?
negative	You can tell I 'm off my meds by the fact that I 'm sat in the dark listening to David Bowie
neutral	@USER what about Here Comes the Sun by George Harrison or Laughter in the Rain by Neil Sedaka ?
negative	not gonna like @USER had me in my feels before 7th period with that Ed Sheeran .
positive	First day was pretty Gucci ! ! Ca n't wait 4 tomorrow
positive	" He then said " " Kendrick Lamar will be the a huge rapper " " . He may be a genius "
neutral	Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow ! Too bad I 'm going to be super cranky lol
neutral	Should the Sunday #tradinglaw be a thing of the past ? George Osborne thinks so HTTPURL
negative	" Someone is blasting Roar by Katy Perry and it 's 8 AM after a Thursday night , this is not ok "
neutral	@USER he was like my favorite in 5th grade and then he pulled a frank ocean and dissappeared
neutral	" ` Traditionalist ` Caitlyn Jenner tepid about gay marriage : Washington D . C , Sept 5 : Caitlyn Jenner may be an in ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Photo albums are up from Saturday night 's Santa 's Twilight 5K at Ybor City . Check them out and share the photos ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER I wish I could 've learned more about Islam in 7th grade tbh
positive	" Lady GaGa Channels Frank Sinatra In This Pulsating Tribute Song . : Last Sunday night , dozens of the world 's big ... HTTPURL "
negative	Why do I feel like National Hot Dog Day is the April Fools of food holidays ? #wefullydontundertandhowhashtagswork
neutral	Will Justin Bieber get Xmas Number 1 ? The NHS Choir ? That one off the X Factor ? Find out 10am tomorrow with @USER .
negative	" George Bush does n't care about black people Kanye West , Sept 2 2005 " " I have decided to run for president in 2020 " " Kanye West , Aug 30 2015 "
positive	" @USER It is for the concert The Vamps in Manchester , I wanted to know if it was possible to replace my place of April 17th concert to "
neutral	@USER 1 at Lolla . 1 headline show tomorrow night at a Chicago venue associated with Lolla + an acoustic set for Rolling Stone in afternoon
neutral	@USER any m & g for Ed Sheeran on your show tomorrow or in the near futures
neutral	#SaudiCoalitionDividingUmmah If today it 's Iran tomorrow it can be Pakistan Do n't let America win by its divide and rule again
neutral	@USER Let me know if Dustin Johnson is still leading on the back nine on Sunday .
positive	Happy almost weekend ! Celebrate your Thursday with a nice cold chocolate nirvana at $ 1 off !
neutral	" Hey Time Out Chicago , Paul McCartney did n't write Here Comes the Sun . "
neutral	" It was just a " " man " " that executed a Texas Deputy : If I may ... Seems a black and gay man can be outed when ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Yeah , , I was a bit sad bc it was my 1st 1D concert and Zayn wasnt there but I still enjoyed it HTTPURL "
positive	@USER well done to Paul Dunne excellent play today young man ! Keep it together tomorrow #leading
negative	" . @USER yeah but this is from Jan 7 . the Charlie Hebdo newspaper attack ... cmon y'all , look a little harder ! "
positive	when the 1st season of Naruto was airing the moment I stepped inside my classroom my friend and me would SCREAM about it for like 2 hours
negative	Alright Kendrick Lamar really scared me with this Black Friday bitch @USER
neutral	" On the evening of July 6 1957 , Paul McCartney was introduced to John Lennon for the first time . "
neutral	" Got an 8am tomorrow , solid . I 'm done at 9:50 tomorrow though so it 's Gucci "
positive	The only head line I wanna see about nicki tomorrow tbQh HTTPURL
positive	Dustin Johnson being in the lead after 1 day is like a 16 seed being up after the 1st 10 min of a game in the NCAA Tournament ...
neutral	Conviction of Yakub by highest courts is being 2nd guessed by the likes of @USER with zero knowledge of law . Contempt of court ?
neutral	Free this week : August 3 Figure Four Weekly : Detailed look at why Gawker thinks the FBI covered for Hulk Hogan HTTPURL #wwe
neutral	how about the balls on TC to stay with Thor with bases loaded to get that 3rd out ! ! #mets
negative	If J.Cole and Kendrick Lamar do n't realease something February ... I 'm going to be really sad .
neutral	" Waiting for Milan vs Empoli , hope for the 1st 3 points of the season .. #ForzaMilan "
negative	My grandparents really just sat me down & made me read scriptures about how being gay is an abomination & told me I 'm going to hell ... Welp .
positive	At least I think it was a good start for Sunday Oliseh and the Super Eagles #CompleteRichness #SharingHappiness
neutral	Going to see Ant-Man tomorrow . Has tlist been and did you like it ?
positive	" I may need to fact check , but I 'm pretty sure that Kendrick is only the 2nd rapper to have his 1st 2 albums nominated for AOTY . "
positive	" @USER both of them managed in the modern game also ? He will win trophies in his 1st 3 years , but then recovery time .. #Inter Milan "
negative	" if you think Kendrick 's Black Friday was better than J . Cole 's , you can block me now "
negative	The only bad thing about the #Mets streak is that David Wright may injure himself from celebrating so hard so often
negative	David Price gets first loss with Blue Jays despite fine effort Monday HTTPURL
negative	" Scott Walker may be pandering to the party 's lunatic fringe , but credit where it 's due , he comes off as an actual lunatic . "
positive	@USER Been watching Big Brother since Season 1 & ur the 1st houseguest to follow me . Love that u take time 2 interact with ur fans .
positive	In sha Allah this Sunday @USER and @USER will be at the Eid in the Park in Glasgow . Promoting the fantastic work of @USER
neutral	" @USER @USER For the pun alone ! Not sure if it nudges Muppets ' Nirvana barbershop quartet out of 1st place , but it 's close . "
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER Those are pictures from the Charlie Hebdo rallies in January , guys . "
negative	Actually today was Yakub 's birthday . I wish him many many returns of this day . May he hang in hell too . ! !
neutral	" @USER Rolling Stone : @USER : The clown car gets more crowded : Meet Jim Gilmore , the 17th Re ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Lingmerth double bogys the 7th falls back to a tie with Dustin Johnson at - 6 #PGAChampionship
negative	" @USER | Common knowledge ! First , it is under development that aided the growth of Boko Haram . You may call it causality . "
neutral	" . @USER , it 's Jul 19th , 9:35 pm & your app is showing a British Open story claiming Dustin Johnson as leader ? HTTPURL "
neutral	Kaylee bet I would n't get my tweet on sharknado and she may be right
neutral	@USER @USER See I dont see that really ... yeah Murray lost 5 fumbles the 1st 5gms ... Didnt have another the next 11
neutral	Why does someone make the effort to produce a 3rd movie of Sharknado anyways lmao
positive	" Happy 2nd Birthday , Prince George ! See how much he 's grown with 28 of his cutest photos : HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	" Reading The Hobbit , listening to Sam Smith , mom is cooking her mean Pork Nilaga . Steady Sunday it is . Good morning :) "
negative	" . @USER you are a victim of the Khazarian Mafia 's gay agenda ( 3rd line , 1st pic ) #JaffeReport HTTPURL "
positive	@USER Currently 6-0 Top of the 9th . They got lucky trading for David Price . That 's one ace of a pitcher to have in the lineup .
negative	I did n't realize Scott Walker has a big old comb-over . That picture may drop him a few points in the polls . HTTPURL
negative	Crazy how Naruto is STILL getting new chapters except now he 's the 7th Hokage . Makes me feel old as fuck .
neutral	" At about 11 a.m. ET on Tuesday ( August 04 , 2015 ) , our beloved actor Chuck Norris passed away . #Sad #NeverForget "
positive	" #bbcdp Great to see EU Solidarity from George Osborne whose 1st Worry was about the effect of GREEK Crisis on UK Economy , not Poor GREEK Ppl "
positive	I want to see Paul McCartney in October
positive	" I have always said Kim Kardashian is a very smart businesswoman . You may dislike her for whatever reason , but she 's smart , very smart . "
neutral	" Thanks to Kris Bryant 's walkoff HR in 9th , the Cubs got their MLB-leading 12th walkoff win of the season . "
neutral	not with Kendrick Lamar I may have spelled wrong HTTPURL
neutral	Heck of a bounce back by Dustin Johnson to be under par after an 8 on the 1st #PGAChampionship #WhatCouldHaveBeen
negative	" The 1st Sharknado was good , the 2nd bad and the 3rd was just pathetic . They are making a 4th , but I 'm done with them now ! #sharknado "
positive	Check out our new timetable for Round 4 - note the addition of Fit Yoga on Tues ( tba ) and Fridays ! ! Healthy Heart ... HTTPURL
negative	Sharknado is definitely the best of the worst . Come see the spectacle this Thursday at 6 & 9pm in the RH Theatre ! HTTPURL
neutral	" 1 . Drake 2,3 , 4 is Sean , Kendrick , Cole whatever u want the order to be 5 . no idea who in that 5th spot ... Nicki ? I 'll leave that to y'all "
positive	People need to stop getting so butthurt over the fact joi is getting to see Shawn in October she deserves it so much I 'm gonna be happy
neutral	" @USER - 1st you 're on Twitter so you must be real , 2nd how did you not get @USER God , 3rd why is Big Brother set to record on my DVR ? "
negative	If you even remotely support anything Kanye West says I will say a prayer on Sunday for you and your ignorance
negative	C'mon now people choosing political figures from a music video award show Kanye West is just as money hungry as anyone
neutral	Free Meditation & Yoga just show up we start at 7.30 pm every Tuesday #Brighton - HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	Josh Hamilton was 4th on Rangers in Win Probability Added entering this game . He 'll be 2nd by the end of the day . Just crazy .
negative	Madness . Utter madness . Together socialism and Islam may just destroy the West . HTTPURL
positive	Good news to all Milan fan . May be it time to return to continental football #ucl HTTPURL
negative	I worry about this huge update download tomorrow because my internet has been super sketchy latley . Ps4 may be going to work with me . Lolz !
negative	" LMAO i read " " cultural evolution is Lamarckian " " and was like o shit what 's that dude 's name again ? and the 1st thing i thought was Kendrick "
neutral	@USER @USER unho ne btaya tha k wo 3rd day of Eid madine jaengy wheen hongy i think
positive	" Listening to a gay man narrating his love life is the nicest thing I have ever done :) C'mon people , I am in Brazil :) "
positive	" I 'm gonna sleep . Tomorrow we have more dm 's to give , just with Justin Bieber . I hope you like our account ! ~ @USER "
neutral	Brought my copy of Go Set a Watchman on a night out at da club so you can say I know how to go really hard on the scene on Saturday nights
positive	" #SmartNCAA : It 's another ' Yes para sa tres ' for the " " Ant-man " " Mark Cruz ! Letran stil on top , 72-53 with 1:53 remaining in the 4th ! "
neutral	" John Danks retires the Royals lineup in order in the 3rd , 4th and 5th innings . White Sox still leading 6-0 , top of 6 . "
positive	" rolling stone , the zone , and devil may cry are literally the best songs by the weeknd . go listen to them "
neutral	@USER you hated him before the 4th preseason game . Now he 's Tom Brady ? Lol
positive	#Sharknado3 April Lives Ca n't wait for Sharknado 4 begin the Hypenado !
neutral	Or when about 1/3 of Muslims stayed in India or when many in West Pak did n't want to join in the first place ... HTTPURL
neutral	It was nice of @USER to break this news on a Sunday and not while I 'm sitting at work like they did with Zayn . That was rude .
positive	So this happened Tuesday night : Sharif ( or is it David Bowie ? ) earned his first bike ! #EarnABike HTTPURL
negative	No need to mention Zayn here and create another drama . But fuck . What if it 's the DMD MV fucckk HTTPURL
neutral	" if YoVentura had done what @USER Thor did on the 1st pitch to Esky he would have been villainized . Instead , Thor is a hero . #GoRoyals "
positive	@USER great news indeed ! The victims of Boko Haram deserve the verg best.May God speedily bring an end to their plight ! Amen .
neutral	" Ellen returns with new season Tuesday , interviews Caitlyn Jenner . WATCH PREVIEW : HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" Seth Rollins may be a good superstar to date , but he is no legend ! He needs to put that statue behind him and focus on Sting . #RAW "
negative	@USER PS4 was extended by 2 days . Why do n't you do the same to us ? With all the problems we had it should be up till tomorrow
positive	" Ok . Tonight " " Sharknado 3 " " , the 25th " " Lavantula " " , oh you are so lucky US friends ! "
positive	" Paper Towns comes out tomorrow and guess who will most definitely be going to see it once again ? If you guessed me , you are correct . "
negative	Boko Haram alliance with ISIL may have destroyed any glimpse of a dialogue HTTPURL via @USER #BokoHaram
positive	" + peed in a fancy bathroom , sat in GR8 seats , saw one direction , Niall n Harry loved it there , got a glow stick , a hot cop goofed off w me + "
positive	5K votes per minute . We can get the 1st position again C'mon Monsters . We can do it . #MTVStars Lady Gaga HTTPURL
positive	" Murray breaks again ! ! Back to back breaks in the 3rd set , Game face on ! "
neutral	Lewis Baiely . @USER Striking Katy Perry Images . You may want to check : HTTPURL
positive	Sad to hear Frank Gifford died . 1of the best Monday Night crews and a kind man when I met him HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	@USER everybody that came from twilight marked as 10th graders ! So with this ged shit I still graduate on time and go to college
neutral	" @USER @USER April , sure seems he is heading in that direction after meeting with Obama and Muslims . "
neutral	" How will UK pay for refugees government has pledged to take ? : On Sunday , the chancellor , George Osborne , annou ... HTTPURL "
negative	So Yakub 's wife was lying when she said we know nothing about Tiger Memon . HTTPURL
neutral	" Thursday night football will effect some areas , click on the link below it will show the times of Big Brother in ... HTTPURL "
positive	" just got 2 free tickets to Jason Aldean , Cole Swindell and Tyler Farr Saturday night ! #BOOYAH "
positive	@USER We do have the new Moto E however - it is similar / better spec 'd than the Moto G ( 1st Gen )
neutral	Red Sox games really are all about the 7th inning stretch
neutral	" April 4th against the Red Sox , already scheduled it off work "
positive	@USER then you 're set for a Sharknado . Tomorrow SyFy channel is showing all 3 back to back . I may need to stock up .
neutral	" Sometimes it may get bad , but remember , you 're never that dude that would skip Paul McCartney for The Weeknd , and all is well again "
negative	@USER @USER 2nd a huge percentage of Christians are Christians by name not practice . specially in the west .
positive	I want Charlie Wilson and Kanye West to perform at my wedding and / or my 25th birthday party #Bound
positive	Is n't it remarkable how well Paul Dunne is handling this lead #TheOpen2015 some leaderboard for tomorrow HTTPURL
neutral	Saudi Arabia to reveal 2016 budget on Monday : A senior official of state oil giant Saudi Aramco and the minist ... HTTPURL
neutral	Did you know that ' David Price ' was Trending Topic on Saturday 22 for 7 hours in Canada ? HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	If you 're at the mall and wanna sing Justin bieber songs with me come to pac sun
positive	god took away another angel from us today . i will forever miss and love you Curtis . may you forever rest in peace !
positive	Thor may want to pull back a little on working the calf muscles at the gym but otherwise ... come to mama . #Purr HTTPURL
neutral	Last Monday 11/2 Curtis appeared as he does mornings on Ch 5 ' s GDECNY where he was gloating about the Met 's loss ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER booo . You going to any games this weekend ? David price on Saturday in the BX
neutral	Lol u can't expect people to know everything . I could ask you who the lead singer of Nirvana is & u may not know HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER not every thing dear , you already lose once . not to mention to a Kpop group also . Lol . And this will be you 2nd "
neutral	Jordan Spieth and Jason Day birdie their 6th hole and are one back ! Paul Dunne birdies the 5th to get back to twelve under .
neutral	i 'm just gonna have to find a video / audio of zayn 's performance tomorrow
positive	Job on Eid 's 3rd day is fun man
neutral	" Meant to be going to see Paper Towns on Saturday , but I 'm really not a fan of Cara Delevingne "
positive	I think it 's fair to say that Brock Lesnar is winning this Sunday #raw @USER
positive	Should be happy David Wright is back but the Mets fan in me is dreading the news tomorrow that deGrom has a dead arm and is going to the DL
positive	" seeing " " Straight Outta Compton " " & " " Ant-Man " " tomorrow is the move .. gotta decide on a 3rd movie as well . "
positive	Thor is still a great movie after the 3rd time .
positive	u2 finished USA / School starts soon & for the FIRST time I sat down and played 6 acoustic tunes on Edge 's Taylor Bono gave my son AMAZING #u2
neutral	Calibraska is the 3rd top thing trending on Twitter #CalibraskaEP #GetCalibraskaOniTunes @USER HTTPURL
neutral	" Zain Javadd " " Zayn " " Malik born 12 January 1993 ) is an English singer and songwriter , and a former member of the boy band One Direction - "
neutral	" Christians must disclose their income , and may split the jizya into two payments . "
neutral	Woke up like Ice Cube on Friday put on the deebos an made a bowl of cereal then noticed there 's no milk lmao
positive	JOSH HAMILTON 2 RUN BLAST ! Rangers lead the Giants 2-0 in the 6th ! #NeverEverQuit
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER I hope US will fail . Plus , once S - 300 goes to Iran , Israel may up the ante in Syria , New dynamics "
negative	Niall is sick so he may not be out a lot . - A
neutral	" @USER Naruto walks over to the kitchen and sat down . " " Ramen time ! Dattebayo ! " " He said as he began to eat . "
neutral	" IRON MAIDEN : ' Speed Of Light ' Single To Debut Tomorrow : " " Speed Of Light " " , the new single from Briti ... HTTPURL #metalnews "
neutral	" #Ruth 2:12 May Yahweh reward your work and may a full reward be given to you from Yahweh , the #God of Israel , under whose wings y ... #Bible "
positive	" Seeing Ant-man for the 2nd time ( @USER AMC North Point Mall 12 - @USER for Ant-Man in Alpharetta , GA ) HTTPURL "
neutral	Curtis and Puyallup all knotted up at 14 at the end of the 1st . #BattleofVikings
positive	" Carly Fiorina may very well be the smartest woman in the world . Next to Angela Merkel , that is . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Kyle Seager went 3 - for - 6 with a two-run homer , an RBI single and three total RBI in Sunday 's 11 - inning loss to the White Sox . #Mariners #mlb "
neutral	@USER @USER May you find peace in life . I think I 'm too educated to argue with sum 1 who thinks Islam is a cult . Take care
positive	Dustin Johnson kissed #Paulina #Gretzky under the fireworks on Fourth of July # HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	George Osborne presented the first Budget of this Parliament on Wednesday 8 July 2015 . The speech set out his ... HTTPURL
positive	me & Curtis off tomorrow and he can't stay up to save his life . OMG
positive	On the way to the Red Sox game yesterday . Had so much fun . Thanks @USER for bringing me to my 3rd game now ! HTTPURL
neutral	Wish I could see the Foo Fighters at Wrigley tonight but they put on one of the best shows Thursday !
positive	" Ever since May 5 , Big Brother season has been in full swing . There has n't been a day since wherein I have n't watched BB . #BB17 #BBUK #PBB737 "
positive	Next Friday is the Hurstbridge Village Twilight Family Fun night . Come down and enjoy lots of free entertainment ... HTTPURL
negative	@USER look I can understand the argument for abolishing death penalty . You may have a point . But remorse for Yakub ? Give me a break
positive	@USER great game & way to make a statement on the 1st pitch . Very Bob Gibson of u . Beware of Thor the hammer will come ! #LGM
neutral	KKL-JNF International Expo Mission to Milan : The Expo 2015 exhibition opened in Milan on May 1st and it will c ... HTTPURL
negative	@USER not that your point is n't totally valid but he said that tweet after Charlie Hebdo not Friday . I made the same mistake
neutral	" I 've just kind of sat here for an hour doing nothing but listening to Bad Blood on repeat , this is normal "
positive	@USER Hahaha you clearly have never seen AF live . Clueless . Regarded by Rolling Stone as the 4th best live band around .
neutral	" Hulk Hogan may have been kicked out of WWE ... but what about that masked man " " Mr . America " " ? ? ? @USER HTTPURL "
positive	Calibraska comes out tomorrow ! ! I 'm so excited ! Ca n't wait to hear it ! #JackAndJack @USER @USER HTTPURL
positive	If anyone wants to hook me up with dunkin on Thursday that would be fantastic - I 'll even pay you
neutral	I wonder how long it will take for Chris Evans to slip in a plug for TFI Friday or Top Gear . #BBCMusicAwards
neutral	@USER Now @USER makes it sound like Tate fighting Rousey twice is a news flash ! He already announced their 3rd fight Senile ?
negative	John Kasich applied all the rote Republican dogma until he found out he could n't govern that way . He may be the GOP voice in the wilderness .
negative	@USER @USER a stupid article . Beth Lehem is under the PA ruling . How come u put it at the 1st place and blame Israel 4 it ?
neutral	Gucci gob alterum self-command may lay bare the set of two your mortal irruptive magnification toward experien ...
negative	So gutted I can't see Fort Minor in London on the 8th as I 'm already seeing Foo Fighters :-(
negative	" Everyone around here in Ohio has Heroin and Pill problems , not Marijuana problems ! C'mon John Kasich get real.Its the street drugs killing us "
neutral	WWE to Reveal Statue for Seth Rollins on Monday 's RAW ? - - It looks like we may finally get the missing statue of ... HTTPURL
neutral	Is anyone going to Zac Brown Band at SPAC on Sunday ?
neutral	" With an ace , Murray takes the 3rd set 7-6 ( 2 ) but still trails Anderson 1-2 . "
positive	Is this is the beginning of real change ? Saudi Arabia 1st woman councillor elected ! HTTPURL #empowerwomen #womenissues
neutral	Morning Must Reads : August 18 : Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker and Sen . Marco Rubio are both talking about healthc ... HTTPURL
negative	Sox fans that are happy that Kris Bryant left the game with an injury are pretty pathetic ! C'mon guys really ? ! ? We are better than that !
neutral	Has Randy Orton just thought about bringing a sun lamp and using it on Shamus to end the match ? #WWEBattleground
neutral	Boko Haram have strengthened their ties with Islamic State group . May God keep us in this country
positive	" The Oklahoman Editorial , Carly Fiorina may have gained the most from first debates , HTTPURL , 8-9- 15 HTTPURL "
positive	Yum ! This Sunday is National Ice Cream Day ! Our team started celebrating a few days early with tasty treats from ... HTTPURL
positive	I 'm gonna make eye contact with Justin Bieber in June
neutral	Let 's be honest if Floyd Mayweather gets starched on the 12th will it not be the greatest moment in sports history
positive	" Our team in Toronto , Milan and Amsterdam , would ALL like to wish you an easy + happy Monday ! #socialgood #feelgood HTTPURL "
positive	Hosmer has the most Strikeouts on the #Royals 84 other MLB players have struck out more . Kris Bryant has the 2nd most Ks in the MLB
positive	Ian McKellen reciting Taylor Swift 's Bad Blood lyrics is just amazing HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Milan 's overthetop lipsynch was funny the 1st time but 2nd just seems like she 's trying too hard #RuVealed #RuPaulsDragRace @USER
neutral	Someone come see Amy Schumer with me in June
neutral	I 'm going to do some Dark Souls challenges . Tomorrow you 'll get a challenge set to me by @USER but I need a challenge ( cont ... )
positive	Ca n't wait for our first Vinyasa Power Yoga class tomorrow with our new instructor Arielle ! Come join us at ... HTTPURL
positive	" I 'm watching the movie Friday , on a Friday and I 'm going to see Ice Cube next Friday HTTPURL "
neutral	We beat The Vamps but they 're so close behing C'mon we do n't have to lose it this time #MTVStars Little Mix
positive	" . @USER : " " Bryant has hit some big home runs ... " " [ Kris Bryant hits a game-tying two-run HR in the 8th ] "
positive	@USER @USER #MTVSTARS Lady Gaga i love you mother monster HTTPURL
neutral	HTTPURL This is what happens when you have evidence against Tony Blair
neutral	#Dodgers will not make the postseason . Their bullpen is a bigger liability than Hulk Hogan in a Million Man March event .
positive	" Iron Maiden announce first ever double album , the Book of Souls that will arrive on September 4th ! : ) HTTPURL "
positive	may or may not have just signed up to do morning yoga at the sleeping beauty castle hehe
positive	HTTPURL Top Aquinas football teams of decade Chris Evans reveals the Top Gear return date Top #Cyber Monday Deals on E
neutral	@USER I would tell you to bring Curtis but I do n't want to be the 3rd wheel
positive	" Inter still top after loss , but the top five all close together chasing the Scudetto with Milan lurking in 6th . Exciting "
positive	Kyle Seager hits solo HR in the 6th ! M 's take 1-0 lead over the White Sox .
positive	Brock Lesnar and the Undertaker are both confirmed to be at RAW next Monday I am screaming
neutral	" Barnes 7 - yard TD pass and Curtis retakes the lead with under a minute left to play , lead 46-41 over Tottenville in the 4th . "
negative	" I hate the White Sox with the white-hot heat of 1000 suns . Do better tomorrow , Royals . "
neutral	" Up front Kawaguchi , Sukuraman , and Kane will be inserted in the line-up tomorrow night "
neutral	" In Islam , a man may divorce his wife three times , taking her back up after the first two times . "
positive	" @USER @USER I just saw this awesome man , Ice Cube , in concert Friday night ! A-Maz-Ing ! ! "
neutral	When Kanye West told George Bush that Black Lives Matter ... As much as I may not like him . It was the TRUTH ! HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Are you about for trials on Friday night if so I will see if Thor is available to join us ?
neutral	2nd take away . If Ice Cube does n't get a check on the 1st and 15th stuff is gunna get real .
negative	" When @USER scams a poor innocent girl out of 20c , after she sat in Big Brother for 2 hours . Your pathetic , hosting rights removed . "
neutral	" John Kasich may not be terribly polished , but he 's coming across as more comfortable and real than Jeb Bush . #GOPDebate "
positive	Janet Jackson remembers Aaliyah on the 14th anniversary of her death . HTTPURL
negative	" Always been strange for the Caitlyn Jenner narrative to glide over role in this recent , lethal car crash HTTPURL "
neutral	" Rolling Stone named Obama the 9th best SNL cast member of all-time , but I do n't think he was better than David Spade . "
neutral	" REPORT : After heavy losses , Iran withdrawing from Syria - - and Hezbollah fears it may lose HTTPURL "
neutral	Check out Dean Ambrose on a local morning show in Providence on Tuesday ! Dean does n't stop living the character ... HTTPURL
positive	" Man , what Kendrick Lamar did to J . Cole 's " " A Tale of 2 Cities " " instrumental for Black Friday makes you forget it belongs to J . Cole . My word "
positive	" And just like that , an opening hole quad from Dustin Johnson . Best Thursday / Friday major golfer ever . "
neutral	" @USER 1500 to 1 ? That may explain Dustin Johnson 's 75 , if you know what I mean , "
positive	Great stand by the Wolves on 3rd and long . Curtis will lineup to punt
positive	" Princess Charlotte may have stole the show , but we just can't handle how adorable little prince George is ! ... HTTPURL "
positive	" For the first time since April 14th , tonight for the New York Mets - batting cleanup , playing third base , the captain , number 5 : David Wright "
positive	@USER You 're right Drake is a rookie while Kendrick is an all star doing Michael Jordan numbers while Drake is 15th man of the year
positive	" Crew gets a fumble at the 4 , Murray and the O can't punch it in . Kick a FG to make it 17-7 . May be Murray 's team now . Crew has been awesome . "
positive	Hulk Hogan overheard the news of Back in Black 's 25th anniversary and did a double take to ensure it was n't another leaked sex tape of his .
neutral	@USER do God eater tomorrow along with naruto since its ur day off
positive	" i really sat through , and watched Bad Blood music video , becos i found out my GF was in it . "
positive	#AprilLives No Sharknado without April . Love a chick with a sawhand
neutral	And Josh Hamilton homers for the #Rangers to lead off the 8th
negative	@USER You started with tweeting ' who cares ' and this is so stupid bc i bet when Zayn will show us his 1st song / video you will care +
negative	" I now feel bad for buying a Thor novel for $ 4.95 at Barnes & Noble , but now I know why it was $ 4.95 . #LCD HTTPURL "
positive	" John Cena just gave an AA to Jon Stewart on Monday Night Raw . Yes , you just read that right . #RAW "
positive	Revenge of the Dreamers 2 comes out this Friday . J Cole and Kendrick collab album comes out in February . Truly what a time to be alive
neutral	" I just realized . After the whole slow mo march of T . Swift and her squad in Bad Blood , all she and Selena did was slap each other ? "
positive	" Tomorrow is National Dog Day , not to be confused with National HOT Dog Day . Though if you live in the South ( lots of heat ) , it is the same . "
positive	Jason Aldean Sunday with this beauty #sundayfunday #summernights #concertseason2015 is not over yet #staytuned4more HTTPURL
neutral	" #itweetFEEDS This is a bittersweet moment for Tom Brady . On Friday , the NFL star spoke out on ... HTTPURL #ff @USER "
neutral	Tomorrow is the last episode of Naruto shippuden until months of filler start raining down on us :'(
positive	Super super super excited about gay pride on the 19th too mf hype .
neutral	" Sunday Oliseh Woes Jordan Ibe For Super Eagles : Super Eagles head coach , Sunday Oliseh , has revealed that he m ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" OZFM takes no responsibilty for any " " accidents " " that may occur during the Powertrip to Ed Sheeran in Sydney HTTPURL "
positive	John Kasich has sure come out of nowhere . I 'd give him the W tonight . Ca n't wait to watch the Democratic Party 's first debate in October .
positive	Think I may have fallen in love with @USER only 30 minutes into Sharknado 1 ha .
neutral	" The Giants and Red Sox may have 3 recent world series championships , but they have n't been consistently good like the Cardinals . "
negative	" People who support Islam in Australia may as well just come out and say , We want our country turned into a Muslim shithole . "
neutral	" No one else may be able to sanction it , but Rousey vs . Mayweather ( in some capacity ) can work in #WWE "
negative	" Tony Blair and Saudi Arabia go way back , he stopped an investigation against Saudi Arabia because of a ' security threat . ' C'MON BRUH . "
positive	To celebrate the 2nd birthday of the beautiful Prince George I will be offering personalised children related ... HTTPURL
neutral	watching the 2nd half of twilight and thinking how much of a stalker edward sounds ' ' i like watching you sleep ' ' - ok then !
neutral	Living on tomorrow & yesterday can steal your joy & the fulfillment of today . Both are days in which Christians should refuse to live .
positive	@USER Article highlighted SS501 as one of the 3 top groups in the 2nd generation of KPop idol ( fr 2005 onwards )
positive	" So , according to my dream on November 27th I 'm going to fight John Cena at wrestlemania as the main event in New York . Lmao "
neutral	" Roman got Bray Wyatt hard on Monday . Tonight , he teams with Dean Ambrose to face Sheamus and Big Show . #SmackDown "
negative	@USER Yakub has to be hanged and he will definitely be hanged at 7 am tomorrow morning . Birthday = death day .
negative	#days #days50 Wednesday Theresa says Kate dresses like David Bowie . Kate says what models have been saying and it is not all good !
positive	@USER . My wish to convey Islam message to everyone . Allah may help you to understand real relegation that is ISLAM . Safe ur self .
neutral	October and the trees are stripped bare Of all they wear What do I care ? October and kingdoms rise And kingdoms fall But you go on and on U2
neutral	Janet Jackson opens her tour Rogers Arena on Aug 31 Spin magazine just released a sample of her latest single single HTTPURL
neutral	Intense workouts & diet starts tomorrow after watching the Miss USA pageant .
positive	Had me at Iron Maiden and Amorphis . Mgla and Uncle Acid are just awesome bonuses . HTTPURL
positive	Might just have to go see Ant-man tomorrow
positive	" Hulk Hogan offers self as running mate for the Donald . Perfect ! He is equally serious " " politician " " HTTPURL "
neutral	Red Sox have runners at 1st and second in the bottom of the 3rd .
positive	" @USER Hey you two , tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day "
neutral	" RHP Taylor Grover comes in for Salem and retires the Nationals 1 , 2 , 3 in the 9th to close out the 4-2 Red Sox win and the season is over . "
negative	@USER Is Scott Walker referring to himself in the 3rd person ? That 's weird .
neutral	Paper Towns is released in the UK tomorrow and I have nobody to watch it with . * cries eternally *
positive	I 'm seriously going to my 3rd but best Justin Bieber concert I want to cry thinking about it
positive	I 've decided to record the new Comically on the history of Ant-Man a day early ... I may even have it ready for release tomorrow .
neutral	" Real Madrid away printings are now available , print any name you want on your away or 3rd jersey now HTTPURL "
neutral	" ... I KNOW the sexy pick for NL ROTY is Kris Bryant . 257/16 / 66 1st rd . , but Matt Duffy ? . 310/10 / 59 18th rd . ... Duffy has more hits overall ... "
neutral	Yall fuckin with it ? Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday by @USER HTTPURL on #SoundCloud
positive	Cate Blanchett proved that you do n't have to wear a gown to look elegant on the red carpet HTTPURL
positive	" Harry during Louis & Briana 's Wedding If tomorrow you wo n't be mine , wo n't you give it to me one last time oh , baby let me love you goodbye "
negative	Heartbreaking situation for Muslims in China . May Allah make it easy for them . HTTPURL
neutral	After a delay late in the 2nd half team Kane trails team stamkos 14-15
positive	" Tomorrow 7-14- 15 the new Harper Lee novel " " Go set a Watchman " " is released ! ! ! "
positive	" Wow . New Jay pitcher David Price comes as advertised . 8 innings , 11 strikeouts , 1st win as a Blue Jay ! Bring it ! "
positive	@USER see you tomorrow in Milan ! Kick some ass babe !
neutral	" DH News Danks , White Sox drop 2-0 decision to Mariners : The Chicago White Sox managed just 4 hits Friday night ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Milan draw 20th place team Silvio makes public statement about coach New Mr . Bee rumors Management deflects responsibility again #MilanCycle
neutral	I really wanna meet Shawn on my birthday but the only date I can try is on Tuesday when he comes to NYC
negative	@USER We are teaching kids that it 's ok for guys to be in touch with their feminine side ... and that Caitlyn Jenner may be a cow ...
neutral	@USER its different may b to the minority adarsh liberals of Israel
positive	" @USER hey , you did n't miss it ! TODAY , July 23rd , is National Hot Dog Day ! ;) #GetYourWeinersOnSomeBuns ! xoxo Kit n Luck "
negative	Mani Shankar Aiyar is a dolt . But this video about the hijaab is from January after the Charlie Hebdo attack . At least check and then tweet .
neutral	Tunisia : President Essebsi to make an official visit to Saudi Arabia on Dec 22 & 23 HTTPURL #TnPR HTTPURL
neutral	" Considering seeing Ant-Man & Paper Towns on Monday , but I 'd have to go to the @USER theater without pretzels . Torn . Fat , but Torn . "
neutral	Yakub last hope :p lea with president #yakub memon scheduled to Hang tomorrow 7 AM #
positive	When everyone 's so excited about Lady A at the fair but you just saw The Zac Brown Band on Friday HTTPURL
neutral	1st Soundtrack for the Milan Game HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER be that as it may , it was very much not a movie that you 'd expect someone of Chris Evans caliber would be in . "
neutral	Maybe on Monday I 'm going to see Ant-Man with the squad
neutral	Listening to that Kanye West was like staring at the sun ... for a bit too long .
positive	Seeing everyone 's posts at the Mid state Fair getting for Jason aldean is making me so excited for tomorrow :)
negative	Sold out and took Tom Brady in fantasy . It will be first time in his career he throws a legal football so he may suck . We 'll see .
neutral	" Iran may want to wipe Israel off the map & ISIS may think Palestine will be the Jews graveyard , but God has a much different point of view ! "
positive	Ca n't wait for Raw tomorrow night . Brock Lesnar and Undertaker both in the same arena . That 's going to be awesome !
positive	" #SNL Well it 's a good thing I stumbled upon Maya Rudolph , Amy Schumer , Paul McCartney & Bruce 's 3rd # after #ROH10man . #Cheeseburger #KGET "
neutral	" If Seth Rollins may turns a babyface tonight on #SummerSlam , so Randy might defeat Sheamus , then later , he will cash in on Seth Rollins ... "
neutral	Neptune to be larger than Jupiter one day ? Dana White 's answer may surprise you . HTTPURL
neutral	" Is Caitlyn Jenner more attracted to men or women ? On this Sunday 's episode of I Am Cait , the 65 - year-old reality star is faced with that "
positive	Ca n't wait to hear Sam Smith 's song for the new 007 film SPECTRE tomorrow
positive	@USER I get to see her tomorrow night when she opens for Ed Sheeran . Ca n't wait for both !
positive	5 point 's out of 12 under Curtis ... only 5 out of a possible 24 with Monk ( Before Departure ) ... team already improving ... C'mon Swans #SCFC
positive	Tomorrow I may be 100 % geek and do a Star Wars day ( skip 1 & 2 obvs )
neutral	" The Rock waded into Hulk Hogan 's ongoing racism controversy Thursday , telling reporters he was " " pretty disappo ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker is prepared to call out members of his own party Tuesday as he unveils his own plan ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER I 've got Mon . off work & I 'm going to see Ant-Man movie in theaters . Want to see it in 3D .
negative	John Cena may help Wish kids & Nikki Bella but what has he done for the middle class except sell them bright shirts ? HTTPURL
positive	@USER I wish you a very happy and peaceful Eid . May Allah accept your good deeds .
neutral	You can't make this up . Dustin Johnson starts his round with a snowman 8 quadruple boget on the 1st .
positive	" If you 're having doubts about Ant-Man , just go and see it , you wo n't be disappointed . He may not be a major character , but the movie is good "
positive	. @USER April needs to be alive ! Sharknado wouldnt be the same without her ! #AprilLives
positive	@USER Are you ready for tomorrow ? I 'm ready to see you win to you and Dean Ambrose ( You brother ) #TheRomanEmpire #TheUnstableDean
positive	" It may cost more , but the new @USER Moto G is still a damn fine smartphone . Full review : HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	Last time the #STLCards swept a team was a two game series against the White Sox starting July 21st
neutral	" Cartel Wedding , feeling like Chris Benoit after slamming Randy Orton for the 5th time in a row , stamina HTTPURL "
neutral	Was chatting up ref librarian at local public library a few days ago about Watchman . Ended up on hold list for novel . Read 1st chapter .. 5 / S
neutral	" @USER am I to understand that you , as weather experts , are saying that ' Sharknado ' may be based on science that is not 100 % sound ? "
positive	LABOR DAY SALE TOMORROW ! ! ! 15 % OFF EVERYTHING in the store ! ! ! ( 10am - 6pm ) Yoga Classes ( 6am -7:45 pm ) ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh has invited 18 foreign based professionals to the Super Eagles .. Enyeama , Eduok included . #Tanzania "
neutral	" HTTPURL ( Reuters ) - Oklahoma 's Olivia Jordan was crowned Miss USA on Sunday , capping weeks of controversy in the run-up to "
positive	#MeccaLive may have just shown the world what a beautiful religion Islam is
neutral	" NWA tells you where Ice Cube got " " Bye Felicia " " from lmao he just used it in another way in Friday "
positive	" Live Tweeting Thursday continues with Nirvana 's next album , " " Nevermind . " " Let 's go ! #Nirvana #Nevermind #LiveTweetingThursday "
neutral	" Daily Prayer for December 27 - Praise be to the Lord , the God of Israel , because he has come to his people and ... HTTPURL "
neutral	So Aamir Khan finally sat through the entire speech by Rahul Gandhi #AamirKhan
neutral	If David De Gea is n't confirmed as a Real Madrid player tomorrow I 'll get a tattoo with his name & Harvey Prices name on my body
neutral	Nicki does not have the time to be shady she will deadass drop the tea on ya lap and let you get a 3rd degree burn
neutral	Hate to admit it but Arod is good in the booth . Interrupted Harold talking about Thor costumes for the 8th time and provides real insight
positive	" If tomorrow my wrestling promotion was up and running , it would be Brock Lesnar . You need someb ... HTTPURL #WWE #TNA #Raw "
neutral	Hi my name iSSk Nicki and itsSSKS tHFfe firSSKT day of sShckhool - me in my new retainer tomorrow
positive	" I really like the way Josh Hamilton is swinging the bat . More bat speed . Even though he K 'd in the 3rd , he made some violent swings "
negative	" Shoot to kill was a gift to the IRA , who were nothing pre Bloody Sunday . If you 're a Lab MP & do n't know this , get a new job @USER "
neutral	@USER is it Real Madrid or MUFC ? Who refused to negotiate on Sunday ? I think it 's MUFC . Please correct me .
neutral	@USER imma still wear it sometimes . I go to the doctor Thursday to see what 's Gucci with it
negative	" Welp , blue jays saying fuck pitch counts . David Price back in for the 8th . "
negative	I 'm gonna watch Sharknado 3 cause I have no tv shows to watch on a Wednesday not cause I enjoy it .
positive	" Jen Meehan becomes the 9th official Iron Maiden by successfully completing one repetition of the pistol , pull up ... HTTPURL "
positive	I 'd love for someone to come down here the 10th & see Ed Sheeran with me
positive	New video is live ! RT ! Enjoy the vid guys :) Moto G 3rd Gen 2015 Review ! HTTPURL via @USER
positive	Because the 1st meeting needs to be memed . Curtis is us . I may have rewatched this a lot . @USER is a great addition HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER #pledge that the #RNC is trying to force U2 sign has nothing to do with what they say , they do n't want U 2 run 3rd party "
positive	Thursday is National Hot Dog Day ! Send me an email and let me know : where 's the best place to get a hotdog ? Send to : jcarter@WBTV.com
neutral	HTTPURL : Billy Ho going all Sharknado on championship Sunday . HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" Muslim civil-rights group condemns Hamilton sheriff 's remarks about Islam : On Monday , Hammond urged other Tenn ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER k I am busy dancing to music . ( Shawn + Jacob ) so it may be hard for me to be in your notifications ! !
neutral	" Premonition : Zayn is going to drop a song today or tomorrow , God willing . Sorry @USER "
negative	Watched 5 minutes of the roast of Justin bieber and it may be the most brutal thing I 've seen
neutral	" Had a dream that I sat in a Vegas club with Floyd Mayweather , Eli Manning , and Vincent Chase . Not sure why my brain put those 3 together . "
neutral	Daniel Descalso robs Kris Bryant of a hit to end the 7th for the #Cubs
positive	Youngest into 5th hour of Justin Bieber on her new karaoke machine so now 's the perfect time to get me to confess to pretty much any crime .
neutral	The Dustin Johnson bunker is located somewhere under this grandstand on the 18th . #WalkingWhistling HTTPURL
positive	#DixieYouthWorldSeries : Konner Eaton had an amazing diving grab in center field to get the out for #Virginia ( Prince George ) in the 4th .
neutral	I 'm still not over Black Friday with Kendrick and J Cole tbh
neutral	" Kanye West may not be " " Book smart " " but he has a whole hell of a lot more common sense than Donald Trump "
neutral	" Mark Trumbo ( knee ) returned to the Mariners starting lineup on Sunday , going 1 - for - 3 plus a walk in a victory over the White Sox . "
neutral	David De Gea presentation was billed for 1pm tomorrow .. if Real Madrid does n't announce the deal before noon .. then the deal is off . Shikena ! !
neutral	Sunday Oliseh manning the Super Eagles . #AfcoQualifier #TanzaniavsNigeria
positive	" @USER Like you say , Rory , Spieth , Rose and Day should be great to watch . If Dustin Johnson can get his head together he may join them "
neutral	" When PM Narendra Modi met Rahul Gandhi and shook hands with him New Delhi : Friday , December 11 , Setting aside ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER this people who try to save " " YAKUB " " may be with DAUD n CHUHA TIGER " " ... GADDAR GANG " " "
negative	" @USER Saturday and Sunday K , is a tradition , but please no more Chris Evans he has too much to say , & ruined the show ! ! "
positive	Ed Sheeran live in DFW Sat night ! Want in ? ? Keep track of the 5 songs for DFW 's Most Wanted at 8p and I 'll throw you a pair of tix ! - Cruz
neutral	" Sought After : A Small , Desirable Flat in the Centre of Milan : A tiny , 50 - square-metre apartment on the 4th ... HTTPURL "
positive	Murray does well to hold . 5-4 to Murray . Anderson to serve to stay in the 3rd set #USOpen
neutral	Who 's the designated David Bowie distributor tomorrow like ? #PrintingMoney
neutral	Dana white forcing Ronda back in the ring after she got put to sleep . He says it will be a rematch July 9th
neutral	Who getting them Gucci Foams Friday . I did n't like them until I just seen a better picture of them
neutral	I sat in the dark for two hours and listened to kendrick
negative	Nothing ruins a Friday morning more than hearing U2 - Beautiful Day on the radio
negative	Everyone please sacrifice your dogs to satan so Justin and Shawn meet tomorrow at the vmas
neutral	" No stream tonight . Dark Souls tomorrow , I swearssssss . "
neutral	Are you going to be watching Lady Gaga tomorrow on Billboard 's #WomanInMusic show ?
positive	" Officially vacation week ... ok , well starting tomorrow . Pirates game , Foo Fighters concert & spending time with @USER . "
neutral	#BinRoye will Pakistani cinemas Record 's Eid First day : 44.50 Lack and Eid 2nd day : 66Lak Total businesses : 111Cr . HTTPURL
positive	@USER Hi May name is Briana nice to meet you sir ! Im new and town just wanna meet some people
neutral	How does this happen ? All my exes are mental Billie Piper cheers on ex husband Chris Evans from the TFI audience HTTPURL
neutral	" Instead of debating whether Yakub shld hang or not , may be we should debate death penalty itself , like so many countries who 've abolished it "
neutral	National Herald case : Rahul Gandhi ready to go to jail May God grant Pappu his wish at the earliest ! !
neutral	Kanye West may be a lot of things but he 's not a liar . He can't do anymore damage than the presidents before him did .
positive	" So Adrian nearly has as many fantasy points for my team as David Price does . 35 for Adrian , 42.5 for Price . Still only the 7th . #Rangers "
positive	Coffee and catch up today with @USER and then fusion fest tomorrow to see Ed Sheeran . So excited @USER .
neutral	" Fair play to Kane , he managed to control the ball and score against virtually a sunday league keeper . Top notch "
neutral	Is Chris Evans turning into Alan Partridge ? Brian May 's introduction just needed an A-Ha #BBCMusicAwards
neutral	Kanye West may just have gotten into a bad batch of flakka . Good night . Prayers up !
neutral	jack and jack better perform some of the songs from calibraska tomorrow
neutral	calum tweeted the lyrics back in march and now we 're just finding out ... he once tweeted nirvana lyrics can we expect an in bloom cover pls
positive	David Wright 1st at bat back from 4 and a half months of injury and he goes upper deck vs the Phillies ! ! ! Welcome back cap
positive	@USER James Bay is on Radio 2 with Chris Evans either this Friday or next ( I think next )
negative	STUPID WORK CHRISTMAS PARTY BEING ON STAR WARS DAY ! Going to have to see it Friday morning .
positive	Kris Bryant with his 15th HR of this season ! ! ! #Cubs lead 3-2 .
neutral	Fully sat here debating if it 's acceptable to download some Justin bieber or not
positive	@USER ion know cause I feel like Thor would too but then again Thor is really humble so you may be right
positive	Islam is more than a religion . #GoodMorning May Allah Bless Us all with imaan aameen keep remember Allah . HTTPURL
neutral	I 'm watching Sharknado 3 for the first and only time and I finally understand why Donald Trump may be the next American President .
positive	" @USER What you think of Uruguay ? i 'll go to The Vamps show in May , im so excited . I love you bae . #AskTheVamps "
neutral	Hi Dr Bloody Curtis : EarlyModBlood . d0 u want to get FREE iPh 0ne 6 ? Kindly check my bi0 . Thx HTTPURL
positive	" Going on an undetermined adventure tomorrow , so yeah , I saw Paper Towns tonight . "
neutral	Gucci plurality spirit fearlessness january unfurl the bifurcated thine signalizing passageway syndication in ...
neutral	Just 3 Monday 's Briana you 've got this it 's okay
positive	" Niall 's 22nd is coming way to early ! I 'm seriously so speechless , just always know that I 'm here for ya ! @USER @USER "
positive	The Blue Jays are playing very well . They 're scoring runs and David Price is pitching like David Price . 3-0 Jays with one out in the 5th
positive	" We 're going to watch " " Paper Towns " " tomorrow ~ "
negative	" Did the sun even be bother to get up today ? Desperate for a holiday tho , even if it is in a frozen twilight . _ . "
neutral	@USER Else you just end up in some horrible censorship whirlpool . Then you may as well be Saudi Arabia .
neutral	" I may not be able to buy you the world , but I can help you reach nirvana . "
positive	@USER I 'm going to the White Sox game on Labor Day . 110pm start . Free tshirt Monday ! ! !
positive	" July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day , celebrate this day by biting into a delicious hotdog ! #foodie #hotdog HTTPURL "
negative	Yakub meets destiny chosen by himself . For the killers waiting may be longer the destination will be the same ! ! !
positive	" To my U2 followers and everyone else , my Twitter feed is going to be full of #curling tweets until Sunday . #besttimeoftheyear @USER "
neutral	David Ortiz blasted his 496th career home run during the Red Sox ' 9-2 win over the Phillies on Saturday HTTPURL
neutral	" Update : Still raining . In the meantime , you can read about how Kris Bryant 's view on sliding may have changed Sunday : HTTPURL "
positive	I really might wear my David wright jersey and carry around a broom all day tomorrow
positive	Pretty sure me and @USER had an obsession with John Cena in 5th grade #hipsters
positive	" I liked a @USER video from @USER HTTPURL Adult Minecraft ? Meet " " The Tomorrow Children " " PS4 with Q-Games "
positive	The 2nd headline was a story about the guy who plays Thor using his 1st big payday to pay off his parents ' debt . * THAT * deserves top honors .
positive	TOMORROW I WILL FINALLY SEE KENDRICK LAMAR LIVE IN CONCERT ! ! ! i think im going to cry
neutral	" Log out no one in naruto is stronger then goku , the fuckery wlh HTTPURL "
neutral	" Caitlyn Jenner and her ex-wife , Kris Jenner , have reportedly been feuding over everything under the sun , #Teamfollower #Follow #ifollowback "
neutral	@USER @USER i used to go to the brewpub on Dec 24th and fill up a couple growlers of Thor's
neutral	Gucci bags shadow equanimity february housebreak the bilateral thine definite far out complement towards exper ...
neutral	" Rousey will now defend her title against Holly Holm in the main event of UFC 193 , which takes place Nov . 14 at Etihad Stadium in Australia . "
positive	" Tomorrow morning , while twilight is still dim , look for #Mars beneath the #Crescent_Moon "
positive	" I 've only had 3 costumes come in tonight , and they were all Marvel . Thor , Thor , and Wolverine . HTTPURL "
positive	David Price rolls up the rim @USER Sunday and a win for the #Jays Welcome to #Canada David . HTTPURL
neutral	Scott Walker takes on protesters at Iowa State Fair : Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker said Monday he was n't about t ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER Could you please send me to Ed Sheeran September 20th at the ACC ? He has inspired me and gotten me through tough times !
neutral	" @USER , I 'm sure you 've heard that Jay Lethal wants to cross brands and wrestle Seth Rollins . That belongs on Monday 's RAW and would be huge . "
positive	Sharknado 4 . Does n't really matter what people thought of the 3rd . People might as well get ready for a 5th .
positive	" Everybody gets happy around Zayn . People get happy , puppies get happy , the sun gets brighter , the nature gets more beautiful "
neutral	I was just publicly embarrassed by @USER he lowered my Gucci points by like 2 this friendship may be over
neutral	" Only person left from a packed theatre waiting to see the 2nd end-credits scene in Ant-Man . Come on people , you know how this works by now . "
neutral	Had a cameo in the columnist seat Monday night . Here 's my perspective on David Wright 's return : HTTPURL
neutral	Who 's going to Zac Brown Band this Sunday ? ?
neutral	Ugh why didnt i just go see Paul McCartney on Friday > > > anything else
neutral	Maybe I 'll just draw Iron Maiden fan art the rest of the night . Would n't be the 1st time .
positive	Could not be happier about the fact that I 'm seeing the Foo Fighters on Tuesday .
negative	@USER @USER damn this is like the 12th post . Either Gucci got slapped or he did n't .
neutral	Look at Ice Cube riding the wave ... HTTPURL
neutral	Make sure to stop by Dunkin ' Donuts tomorrow between 6am - 11am and make a donation to your favorite Special ... HTTPURL
neutral	If you 're not watching surprise John Cena vines on Sunday morning then are you really doing Saturday night right ?
neutral	By-Elections in #NA120 and #NA154 will b on 11th October Just after Eid . Battle has Just begun for the Lahore throne.Keep the PTI Flag high .
negative	" And , it confuses me that so many Conservative Christians wanted a Christian in the White House . Not Trump . HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER @USER Thor was MCU 's 4th movie , the same will be when Wonder Woman hits theatres "
positive	" David Wright returns to the Mets lineup tomorrow for three games . Time to get hype ! Welcome back , Cap ! "
positive	" Early heads up for the Dimensionaughts ! Be Ready , friday night we pay Respect & I mean Respect to Iron Maiden . Ya Snooze Ya Lose #URE "
neutral	" July 42 , Frank Ocean album still has n't dropped the album "
positive	The Black Friday remixes by Kendrick and Cole are the exact reason I can't wait for their joint album
positive	Come in and celebrate National Hot Dog Day Thursday July 23rd . 50 cents each . Limit 4 . Line forms to the right . # hot dog .
positive	@USER Paul Dunne ? Looks more like Paul Bothwick ! Good luck in the final round tomorrow ! #TheOpen HTTPURL
positive	Chris Carrigan : It 's Prince George 's 2nd birthday today . The 12th picture is the best - he 's holding his baby ... HTTPURL
negative	" Boko Haram suffered heavy losses on Sunday as Nigerian troops took down 20 insurgents Faljari , along the ... HTTPURL "
positive	We 'll see you this Saturday for Hollywood U2 ! U2 cover band playing at Sagebrush with NO COVER ! Get here early ! ... HTTPURL
positive	Taco Tuesday has a full line up ! 6:15 am Baptiste Yoga with Alice 9:30 BarSculpt w / leslie 10:30 BarSculpt ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER it may be different but the ending would still see Rousey with the W .
neutral	Somewhere in the universe Floyd Mayweather just peed his pants worrying that he may run into Ronda Rousey in a dark alley . @USER
neutral	Selling 2 lawn tickets to Jason Aldean for next Saturday . Let me know if you are interested
neutral	My brother on Dustin Johnson ' it was n't the fourth round but he still choked on Sunday '
negative	How can Tony Blair get invited at ' Remembrance ' Sunday and there was no invite for the Merchant Navy by David Cameron ? ' Disgusting ' !
neutral	Cyborg saw Rousey 's numbers and how she was trending and all of a sudden she can make 135lbs by December lmao
negative	Moral of the story - do n't upset the city ! ! City watchdog chief quits after George Osborne vote of no confidence HTTPURL
neutral	Candis Cayne puts speculation to rest : She is just friends with Caitlyn Jenner 19 August 2015 By : Greg ... HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER Who 's Deion ? That may be worse than the Paul McCartney thing
neutral	" So you dey fear cos of these " " Lion King " " names ? ? ? Do n't worry the Super Eagles will soar to heights they can't see ! ! HTTPURL "
positive	Marquis of Vaudeville will be performing some of your fav David Bowie gems mingled with our own musical mischief ! HTTPURL
positive	Kris Bryant blasts a home run to deep left center ! Bryant 's 15th home run of the season . #Cubs #LetsGo
neutral	" @USER @USER Sister , if you really want to understand Islam , you have to read its 1st source : HTTPURL "
neutral	" Go ahead Scott Walker , build a Canada border wall . Make sure it 's secure enough to keep America out . HTTPURL "
neutral	I have n't heard anything about Niall since Saturday is he dead or something
neutral	I just have one question . ARE YOU READY FOR THIS SUNDAY NIGHT WHEN JOHN CENA GOES ONE ON ONE WITH SETH ROLLINS ? HTTPURL
neutral	Rousey vs Holm moved to Nov . 14 in Australia . The UFC is going for their attendance record .
neutral	" @USER Ah , am away between the 10th and 17th on yoga retreat , and then away most of those other weekends too ... drink after work ? "
negative	@USER If I see someone else telling you that I might just fucking burn them alive . May work to do a nice Dark Souls bonfire .
negative	" When the IRA bombed the Baltic Exchange , The Good Friday Agreement began . Let 's not waste time . Let 's give ISIS a caliphate ... on Pluto . Now . "
neutral	" Then , tomorrow was another day the morning found me miles away with still a million things to say now , when twilight dims the sky above "
negative	You know you have a Dunkin problem when the girl hands you your things and says ' see you tomorrow ! '
neutral	I may be mean with niall 's legs sometimes but it doesnt mean i dont care
positive	Many happy solar returns to Prince George of Cambridge as he turns 2 today ! HTTPURL
positive	I 'd love to be here and keep rolling on the floor laughing about John Cena ... But my Driving Test is tomorrow so a WWE Network replay it is .
positive	Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day ! Sunday July 19th #IceCreamDay Come on down for a FREE Homemade waffle cone with every Ice Cream order !
negative	@USER @USER May Allah disgrace you you little fool . You share info on Muslims like this ?
positive	I love you Justin Bieber ... BELIEBER forever ! ! ! <3 <3 <3 : 3 Like this comment if you 're BELIEBER ! ... HTTPURL
positive	" We 're going to a 4th set ! ! Murray just dominated that tiebreak , wins it 7-2 . He 's pumped up now ! ! #USOpen2015 #Murray "
neutral	#bts this arvo with Jess - borrowing some mats from @USER for tomorrow 's FREE #yoga class . Yoga is ... HTTPURL
positive	" July 19th is National Ice Cream Day . Ice cream typically contains vitamins A , which is very important for the ... HTTPURL "
neutral	#Aggies punter Kaser chopped down hard . Murray gets the ball back after penalty . 1st - and - 10 at ASU 's 28 .
positive	When you thought you had way less in your bank account to find out you 're Gucci ... And pay day is Monday night . Holla
neutral	Anyone in san diego want a GA ticket to sam smith tomorrow ?
neutral	Woman can drive may change Saudi Arabia but not the cars HTTPURL lewat @USER .
neutral	Click this link HTTPURL and retweet that tweet if you want a chance to get gifted Calibraska !
positive	I 'm going to be in Toronto om Wednesday and I would totally be ok with meeting any Big Brother contestant or @USER
neutral	" Motorola has launched the Moto G 3rd generation smartphone at the company 's launch event in New Delhi , India ... HTTPURL "
negative	" My 16 yr old son is going to see the Foo Fighters today . I am so jealous , I may just burn his shirts when I iron them ! "
positive	" The #ChicagoWolves get right back to it tomorrow afternoon , hosting Iowa on Star Wars Day ! DETAILS : HTTPURL "
negative	" No way Kane comes here , it 's where he gets in trouble the most . Would be kicked out of the NHL by his 30th bday for summer incidents "
neutral	@USER When Ira makes a prediction always go with the opposite team . Belichick will find a way to win .. & also my #Vikings Sunday night
negative	" Dustin Johnson shot the 2nd worst round of anybody in the field on a day where literally almost every player was under par , just awful "
positive	only my cousin would get to go to kenny chesney and jason aldean twice lol see you friday @USER
positive	Foo Fighters tonight and tomorrow . I 'm gonna have myself a foo-king great weekend ... and I hope YOU do too ! HTTPURL
neutral	A senior official told Nick Clegg that the previous gvrment * cough * Tony Blair okay'ed mass survelliance of Brits . HTTPURL
neutral	" Scotland v Germany tonight ; Foo Fighters tomorrow , and pile of work to get through in the meantime ... Who 's doing the coffee run ? ? ? "
negative	" @USER @USER Agree with 1st point , and I can't stand Kane or Blackhaws . I detest slander . "
positive	" @USER Probably see Ant-Man at the cinema tomorrow . ) I hope you enjoy your tea , I 'm certain you will . x "
neutral	" When John Kasich is beating you in polls , it 's time to hang your hat . HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER But Milan lost the cup , will they qualify to Europa league , but the champion is Juventus and they are 3rd in league ? "
neutral	Oh shit I just remember the Sam smith concert is on the 30th
positive	Listening to David Bowie 's #Fashion to get in the mood for @USER Ca n't wait for Sat night HTTPURL
negative	Upset that the publishing company is acting like Go Set a Watchman is a new book .. really it 's just the 1st draft of To Kill a Mockingbird
positive	" May 04th today may not be , but Star Wars Day it is ! :D "
positive	Who needs Robinson Cano we got Drew as he hits his 17th a 3 run shot 11-1 Yankees over the Red Sox .
neutral	That was stupid by John Stewart but who cares Seth Rollins is now the 1st man to hold WWE title & US title together #SummerSlam
negative	Looking at today 's play at the #OpenChampionship You can't define Dustin Johnson 's round as anything other than a choke . Tied for 2nd worst
positive	#Bono hand delivered pizza to fans waiting in GA line for the U2 concert tomorrow . This band is the definition of awesome . #U2 #U2ieTour
positive	HTTPURL Ed Sheeran could top first Friday chart with x ahead of sold-out ... HTTPURL #PharrellWilliams
positive	Just saw Frank Gifford died - - may he rest in peace .
neutral	but if I do n't go to the game tomorrow and Niall does go I 'll be very upset
positive	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL John Cena lectures Nikki Bella about the laundry hampers : Total Divas , December 1 , "
neutral	You can't tell me you like Kendrick or J . Cole but have n't listened to the Black Friday songs they put out
neutral	#Indians Francisco Lindor is out of the Indians ' starting lineup Tuesday night against the White Sox . HTTPURL
neutral	HTTPURL Who will be the new Top Gear presenters to join Chris Evans in ... HTTPURL #ChrisEvans
positive	Been on repeat all day : Sam Smith for the win ! #MusicFlow #Tuesday HTTPURL
positive	A happy fun loving Saturday 2 the wonderful @USER true CHAMPION of Sharknado films an always shows the love 2 everyone across the world
positive	" Damn , #MTVStars hid the votes . WE ONLY GOT TILL TUESDAY MONSTERS ! ! ! VOTE LIKE CRAZY ! ! ! #MTVStars Lady Gaga "
neutral	" @USER for Terry 's next act , he 'll ask David Wright to pitch the 7th :) . "
positive	" David Wright hits a homer that lands four rows from the concourse in LF , an absolute bomb . It 's now 2-1 #Nats in the 2nd . "
neutral	" Saudi Arabia forms 34 - nation anti-terrorist coalition : On Tuesday through the state news agency SPA , Saudi Ara ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER calibraska isnt available in Vietnam yet and it 's July 24th boooiiii
positive	" However ASAP Rocky gets the title for Sunday ... Unreal performance , one of the best rap shows I 've seen . The Nirvana . The fucking Nirvana "
negative	" May Allah destroy your king , O servants of Zayd ! ( UEA king ) O brothers of the cows and mule worshipers ! Just as you have fought Muslims ! "
neutral	Fact : Sunglasses are invented to protect the sun against the eyes of the mighty Chuck Norris .
neutral	" By Martyn Herman ST ANDREWS , Scotland , July 18 ( Reuters ) - More than 24 hours after Dustin Johnson began his second round at the "
neutral	" @USER C'mon Vince you gotta help Hulk Hogan out , This thing is silly . " " Fight for the rights of Everyman " " "
positive	" Not much love for the Infamous challenge run today , but had some fun and some viewers during Dark Souls II ! That 'll resume on Saturday . "
neutral	" Before the MLL Championship this Saturday , Rolling Stone wrote up this feature on Paul Rabil and Rob Pannell ... HTTPURL "
neutral	David Price looks to become the 13th pitcher in #BlueJays history to go 5-0 in a calendar month .
neutral	Miss Kentucky @USER stopped by the studio before UofL 's home opener on Friday to talk volleyball & Miss USA HTTPURL
positive	2.5 million people watched Miss USA on Reelz ! this Sunday ! Congrats to the true winner @USER !
positive	" Thanks for an amazing season , Thor ! Have a happy ( & HEALTHY ) winter , and we 'll see you in February ! #LGM HTTPURL "
positive	Monday Night Raw on tonight Cena 's back and Brock Lesnar and Undertaker are back !
positive	" Ice Cube one of the gods of nigga movies . He wrote Friday , Players Club , and All About the Benjamins , not to mention his acting credits "
neutral	" Kanye West will perform the entire 808s & Heartbreak " " Album on September 25th at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles . HTTPURL "
positive	" I may be the only one still watching Red Sox games , but that team , with all the hungry young players ; is fun to watch ! #trade Hanley "
negative	Andy broken to start the 3rd set ; still complaining to chair ump that 5 minutes is excessive bathroom usage time . Murray 's so done . #USOpen
negative	Whether it 's the 3rd round or 4th round Dustin Johnson just does n't like Sunday 's in majors ! !
positive	" emI Am Cait / em , the E ! Entertainment reality show about Caitlyn Jenner , premieres Sunday night "
neutral	Kris Bryant could 've saved the Cubs a run and thrown it home . Adds to his shakiness defensively at 3rd
neutral	" Everyone came to the VMAs looking boring or like trash ( from what I see so far ) , and then Nicki showed up looking like a sun goddess . "
neutral	" when that whole thing with nicki and miley , i sat there and just thought " " DAMNNNN SHOTS FIRED " " #VMA2015 "
negative	Murray is pissed here and in the march ! Hope he pulls it off #USOpen
positive	More Sheamus vs Randy Orton ! ! Because the #WWE universe just can't get enough ! #WWENetwork HTTPURL
positive	" I just sat here , watching videos of Zayn . I never realized that I miss him this much . "
neutral	Nirvana cover season in the sun beeges .. Marigold cover tenda biru dessy ratnasari cc Marko Vandalisme Koma Iwan ... HTTPURL
neutral	Sam Smith recorded Spectre 's James Bond theme ' Writing 's on the Wall ' way back in January : If you ever want so ... HTTPURL
positive	" Due to my boyfriend , Ice Cube , not actually being in the movie " " Straight Outta Compton " " I will save my hard-earned cash for " " Last Friday " " . "
neutral	You may have sold your soul to the Devil ... But Your ASS belongs to BROCK LESNAR ! ! ! @USER @USER @USER HTTPURL
negative	Niall has a boot on his foot - so he may have hurt is foot :(
negative	" You know that tomorrow , with all his ties to radical Islam , that Corbyn will suggest all women wear the burka . You know , just to limit abuse "
positive	I have watched every Sharknado and have made plans to watch the 3rd one . Let 's goooo
positive	Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day . I will celebrate all day .
neutral	Send me Lwanga 's hw packet and I will buy you Dunkin tomorrow morning
positive	YASSS ! Vanessa may actually be leaving the Big Brother house . I could not be anymore happy how this is playing out ! #BB17
neutral	About 100 here in a beer warehouse for John Kasich 's first Iowa rally since he announced for president July 21 . HTTPURL
neutral	Dustin Johnson shot 66 to lead after day one at Whistling Straits . 1.33 am BST Piercy gets up and HTTPURL
neutral	Josh Hamilton scored #Rangers 4th run of the ballgame on a sac blunt in the 7th . #MLB
neutral	@USER Brunch with Rousey and a light job with Bolt on Friday IMO .
negative	" Fuck man , I can't go see Shawn on the 8th and I can't go to see Jack & Jack on the 9th . "
positive	Ice Cube may not like the Chargers . But his son is a fan . And he lives in LA . So there 's that .
neutral	Obama administration poised to lift sanctions even as Iran flouts nuke deal with missile tests - Washington Times HTTPURL
positive	" There 's a little less than a month left of baseball , I see no reason why the Red Sox can't get the 2nd wildcard "
positive	The 34 - year-old was seen swooning over the blonde beauty as the couple shared a hot bath together in Celebrity Big Brother on Saturday
neutral	@USER both teams are off tomorrow and home Friday . Red Sox players probably needed a day to go buy new golf clubs .
negative	Reports in Nigeria say as many as 60 people may have been killed after a raid on a village in the north-east by Boko Haram militants .
positive	Hold on ... Sam Smith may do the theme to Spectre ! ? Dope ! ! ! #007 #SPECTRE #JamesBond
neutral	You may have a new hair cut . You may have chandeliers you dress sense but George Osborne you are still a shit house
neutral	Aashiq al Rasul will be at Eid in Trafalgar Square this Saturday and will be launching khairil inam the best of ... HTTPURL
neutral	" I really hope the @USER are working on a " " Hall of Fame " " style bust for Seth Rollins for Monday . @USER #SethRollinsistheCure "
neutral	" Big Brother on in the background whilst I work , it may be a pile of shite but emma willis makes it worth it "
neutral	Have you ever listened to ? Lady Friday Night - Katy Perry #RT : YES FAV : NO #MTVHottest Justin Bieber #WhereAreUNowVMA
positive	" I 'm desperate enough to go see Ant-Man , but it wo n't be out until August 12 here . "
neutral	. @USER is replacing Frank Ocean with @USER for the Saturday night headliner spot . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER The 2nd time in the UFC to beat Rousey and a 3rd time to beat Rousey in a rematch . Then she said she 's done at 135 .
positive	" ICYMI , here is the review of @USER Moto G ( 3rd Gen ) , a worthy upgrade ! HTTPURL "
positive	" My verdict on Paper Towns : solid 8/ 10 . Very nice , simply done . May have fallen in love with Nat Wolff 's acting more than humanly possible . "
neutral	Both clubs have proof that the De Gea papers arrived in time . UEFA will decide tomorrow morning if De Gea will be a Real Madrid player .
neutral	When you were invited to an Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow at 7 but you turn it down cause a retreat that you 've been lookin forward to is at 2
neutral	@USER Yeah that 's what I heard . Big Call of Duty player and all of the new maps come out for PS4 first so may move across .
neutral	Can you bet on Dustin Johnson to be top five all week until Sunday when he comes 6th and below ? I 'd take that ...
neutral	The only reason I keep going is that I get to see Amy schumer in June
positive	Janet Jackson is going on tour and coming to Portland in January . My life is complete .
neutral	John Stewart 's 2nd Act ! Going toe-to-toe with John Cena & Ric Flair in the ring ! HTTPURL
neutral	" At this point tomorrow I would have already seen Ice Cube perform with the cast of " " Are We There Yet " " "
positive	@USER we have our Heart of All England evening on Saturday 30th April and the twilight fixture on Friday 16th September .
neutral	Bryce Harper just threw out Ryan Braun at 2nd base from the track in right . Played ball off wall perfectly then used that 80 arm to get him .
negative	" Caitlyn Jenner opens up on Feb . 2015 accident , fears she may be forced into men 's jail for manslaughter HTTPURL "
negative	Actor Amy Schumer gets famous and the 1st thing she does ? Make Leftwing comments re gun control . I wo n't act if you stay out of policy .
neutral	" In case you missed it on #RAW this past Monday , , you can watch the #UnderTaker and Brock Lesnar destroy each other #SmackDown . "
negative	" @USER @USER It may surprise you , but more Palestinians have died at the hands of Hamas , than from any response from Israel ! "
positive	Check out my new blog post ... ROC'N Wednesday ! Inner Peace Through Dharma Yoga with Maryam - HTTPURL
neutral	" Lemme see , 1st outing with " " The Lovely Ciara " " , we gonna do " " Italian Meals " " , " " French Wine " " & back home , Milan , 3 kids Rich 4 Life . "
neutral	wait if it 's 2:44 am here in England that means CALIBRASKA IS OUT TOMORROW ASDFKSJHABAISHEBS
negative	" @USER may be you have got alot of gays fans after your tweet , but you lose all of your Arabian , Muslims fans #MuslimsAreNotDragQueens "
neutral	Chuck Norris : jan strangle you with a cordless phone .
positive	" Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh , has expressed satisfaction with the level of play by his players in his first ... HTTPURL "
negative	You may dislike Floyd Mayweather but he never took a loss like this .. HTTPURL
positive	Decided to start going to yoga classes again . Starting tomorrow . Better clean my mat then ..
positive	" CNN amends debate criteria , Carly Fiorina may get in : CNN on Tuesday amended its criteria for the ne ... HTTPURL #breaking "
positive	I 'm so excited for Dave Grohl and the Foo Fighters to be in the hood Saturday HTTPURL
positive	Take me down to the river Underneath the blood orange sun #MTVStars Lady Gaga
neutral	I think iggy should just rap slow like Gucci mane it may sound better or have a automatic Closed Caption when she raps
neutral	@USER I dreamed about katy perry dragging Nicki 's back for you on sunday and it was very fatal . I hope it 's gonna happen
positive	" Today I found nirvana , and all it took was kayaking with my best friend behind me , my favorite jam , a fucking bagel , & the sun beaming on me "
neutral	Just put Twilight on then realised what had done and now I 'm sat on my stairs thinking about my actions .
neutral	Tickets now available for the MK Welcomes the Foo Fighters event with Trippah and Venus High Trap @USER 4 Sep HTTPURL
positive	Heads up that David Wright is back with the Mets for the first time since April tonight so I may have FEELS about baseball tonight .
positive	Quite a gift with words that @USER especially in today 's live blog feat . former UK PM Tony Blair : HTTPURL
neutral	Yesterday was National Hot Dog Day . . . Or as Michelle Obama called it : Thursday .
neutral	" A search of " " cnn debate " " on Twitter only returns links to news about how Carly Fiorina may not make it into the next debate . * yawn * Boring .. "
positive	" Since tomorrow is NATIONAL HOT DOG DAY , I wanted to share with you guys that Frank Meats Patty will be having $ 1 ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER do n't worry bro , I 'm going to get coffee alone tomorrow . Dunkin hotties may be there "
neutral	" But this is Wednesday something should happen with Zayn ! @USER make something happen , were dying here "
neutral	David Price test the marketplace in free agency c ` mon man
positive	Its a fresh start for the Super Eagles of Nigeria when they take on Tanzania ... in 3 hrs ! SUNDAY OLISEH ERA
positive	Royal Blood is here recording a bad ass new song before their show with Foo Fighters at DTE tomorrow ! HTTPURL
neutral	gonna try to meet Shawn when he comes in here in October . someone come with me ? ?
neutral	" Club going up , on a Tuesday . Come see Jeff and get a $ 2 Stella Artois Cidre and $ 2 Sam Smith Nut Brown Ale while ... HTTPURL "
neutral	George Osborne Set to Take UK Austerity Battle onto Golf Course : Properties that may end up on the block inclu ... HTTPURL
positive	This time tomorrow ... we 'll have the Iron on . Iron Maiden pieces Drops tomorrow nights .
positive	Saturday night in with a curry and Celebrity Big Brother . Bank Holiday bliss . #passthenaanbread
neutral	Son idc anymore . I 'm going by shawn tomorrow
neutral	Gucci unmentionables inner man dauntlessness december accrue the couple thy joker on speaking terms inclusion ...
neutral	A Delhi court said on Tuesday Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi will have to appear before it on ... HTTPURL
positive	back to Black Friday ... do u guys even hear what Kendrick Lamar is saying ? ! ? how he says it ? good gawd .
neutral	James Bond Spectre title song duties go to Sam Smith - Grammy Award-winner Sam Smith was confirmed Tuesday as the ... HTTPURL
negative	" @USER the way MSM and leftists are crying for Yakub , ppl may mistake him as some son-of-soil patriot sacrificing himself for nation "
neutral	Kpop fandoms may hate eachother but if ppl keep provoking Queens it 's just going to make those same fandoms wanna vote for T-ara .
neutral	Austealian 's may support Euthanasia even Gay rights and a Republic but the current PM will ensure it does n't come easily . #qanda
neutral	#USOpen2015 Eeeeek ! 3rd set tiebreak for Murray & Anderson ! Konta v Kvitova on serve with the Briton serving very well !
neutral	@USER he may be able to scrape by just with the midfield but if Kane has a difficult time or injury I do n't see enough goals in us
neutral	He must of heard frank ocean is doing the same thing HTTPURL
positive	In honour of Ice Cube I 'm smokin 2 blunts and drinking an Old English right before watching the movie Straight Outta Compton tomorrow .
neutral	" ... My Client aka Brock Lesnar , I may be his advocate but you sir are in this trap about pure oblivion , destruction , possibly you turned ... "
positive	Moto G ( 3rd Gen . ) truly signifies what a life long friendship is all about :) #MotoBffRevealed HTTPURL @USER
neutral	Andre Berto Explains Why he can Defeat Floyd Mayweather on 12 September : Floyd Mayweather has not lost a singl ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER can't believe all the negative response to Rousey article . Fight needs to happen . She 'd drop him in 1st round !
neutral	I do n't particularly like Iran . Glad they are doing the right thing to bolster their defence against those #drones HTTPURL
negative	In the paparazzi video where they take cliche for the sun you can clearly see Louis not realising that there 's Briana behind him
positive	" Super Hero Sunday ! Half Off any Appetizer when you wear super hero attire ! Tom Brady is a Super Hero , right ? HTTPURL "
positive	@USER happy birthday bro ! better not see you at dunkin tomorrow
neutral	" Chad , Kane & S Burgoyne played in the guts with Lade at his peak in 07 . Along with P Burgoyne those five took us to 2nd , but we lacked depth "
neutral	@USER my car park ticket for Foo Fighters on Saturday has n't been posted yet . What 's going on ?
positive	might as well go see Ant-Man for the 4th time again since its release ..
neutral	Niall mentioned San Diego and that 's all you really need to know . HTTPURL
neutral	I can't wait until the Yankees sweep the blue jays and score 8 runs off of David price tomorrow and Tulo goes 0-3
neutral	Remember in Straight Outta Compton when Ice Cube was writing Friday ? Now you can own his hat ! HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" White Sox have runners on corners with 1 out and are trailing 5-3 in 9th . Ramirez up , Beckham pinch running at 1st for LaRoche . "
positive	Expert analysis on the new Iron Maiden song after my 25th play-through : I like it .
positive	Officially Miss Denton USA and officially so excited for Miss USA tonight and for September to come already ! HTTPURL
positive	CURTIS killin the game in sports rn . volleyball and water polo are state champs AND cheer got 1st place in their first comp ever ! #GoViks
neutral	Hate to say Randy Orton is underrated but too many people sleep / shit on him . Had he been in Cenas spot Wed have seen 10 yrs of great matches
neutral	" I may hate me some Taylor Swift , Miley Cyrus , and Katy Perry but I love some Carrie Underwood because she know how to stay in her lane . "
neutral	" on Black Friday i always thought Kendrick said " " Coney Island ! ! " " but he says " " Can you Handle It " " lmfaooo #whyamistupid "
negative	" Just sat through twilight , what 's going on with my life ? "
neutral	" With the federal budget deal signed into law , people 70 + may be able to make large charitable gifts from an IRA . HTTPURL "
neutral	Sharknado hits the Gold Coast : MASSES of baitfish moving north may force the closure of Gold Coast beaches today . HTTPURL
positive	Madison Bumgarner just hit a bomb . His 3rd homer of the season . Other people with 3 this season : Matt Holliday Josh Hamilton Jon Luccroy
neutral	@USER Leaning Scott Walker actually . Liked some of Carly Fiorina . Ted Cruz would be my 3rd ( albeit over the top personality )
positive	hey @USER thank you for Oreo thins . I 'm about to eat the whole box and I 'll regret it tomorrow but for right now--nirvana . god bless you
neutral	Who wants to see the Naruto movie with me in October
neutral	Kayla just tried to give me my croissant from Dunkin and it kept slipping I could n't grab it at 1st
negative	" Fuck you Tony Blair . I hated you before , and I hate you more now . I have no respect for this man ! HTTPURL "
positive	I may never tweet about anything other than Kanye West ever again
negative	These White Sox untucked unis may be the most atrocious uniform I 've ever seen
neutral	@USER @USER take potential out of the equation is S . B . really a downgrade from Kane ? i dont think so . his pace may B better suited
neutral	Pretty sure the last time Frank Ocean dropped anything i was in the 11th grade
neutral	@USER dunkin on Monday I 'll give you my card to get it
neutral	Watch Sam Smith hold up the WDYM sign tomorrow .
neutral	" Praise the sun , Dark Souls 3 stress test sign-ups are open HTTPURL "
positive	@USER mvp mvp . 11 pitchs and the 6th pitch to stay alive . He is going to get paid bigtime.and david price wow
positive	@USER I can't wait for Tuesday 's PS4 release ! It feels like this was designed just for me . Will it support Vita remote play ?
positive	David Wright sits out most of the year . Hits a home run 428 feet in 1st AB . UNREAL
positive	" STAR WARS DAY here on Sat . Hoping 2c lots of Wookies , droids & ewoks but even those from the dark side R welcome ! HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER the 5th had Sakura get Naruto , but he can't leave till he learns his new jutsu ! "
positive	" Well , now that Big Brother is On Demand from when it did n't record all of it on Sunday ... Time to catch up . #BB17 "
negative	" @USER The first and the Last crap on this planet right is you Seth Rollins and on Sunday WWE Universe will get rid of this " " CRAP " " . "
negative	I am Painset shimmercakes unchanged demigod of the frieks I want power and revenge against twilight and sun butt
neutral	" Same for the US , UK , Saudi Arabia , etc ... let 's not forget any of them . HTTPURL "
neutral	Monday night at 10:30 MST I 'll be running people through hard raids on PS4 . @USER me if you need one ! #REZOforTriumphs @USER
neutral	" Court may will think over the Yakub 's plea , but just B'coz of @USER & @USER the matter becomes communal . "
positive	" @USER On Hell No ... great job in Sharknado . See you in Daytona in February your Body Guard from SR Perrott . Have a " " Lite " " Day Brad . "
positive	Thursday : Thor 's day . Bring me your bolts your breezes your squalls your everything . We can handle it . xx
positive	David Bowie just shared the first song / video from his upcoming January release . We are left intrigued and ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER they 're wrong , for Kick the effect was there till thurs cause EID fell on tue ! this time EID on sat so effect over by mon @USER "
neutral	" In Wisconsin , Gov . Scott Walker ( R ) may not have $ 250 million for education ... ... but he does have $ 250 million ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Is today Star Wars day or is tomorrow Star Wars day ?
neutral	" Janet Jackson Misses Grammy Deadline on Purpose with New Album , Due October 2 : HTTPURL via @USER "
neutral	@USER Just wondering when you 'll have the new Moto G ( 3rd Gen ) in stock and will it have the 1gb RAM or 2gb RAM option . Hope it 's soon
neutral	" @USER Shawn , making all the phone calls today . Hopefully I can have some concrete answers for you by tomorrow . "
neutral	So Shawn the real question here is did u quit or were u fired from bath and body works ? The world may never know @USER
neutral	Book your private jet flight to Vegas to see Floyd Mayweather v Andre Berto on September 12th at the MGM Grand ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER You 're confusing " " BC " " with " " Vancouver . " " Did n't play soccer in December in Prince George @USER @USER "
neutral	" ( Breitbart ) #Breitbart #News Daily : Iran , China , Cyberwarfare : On the December 29 .. HTTPURL "
positive	They shud 've skipped all the stuff abt the Chronic & Ice Cube writing Friday & skipped to them bcoming cool w / Eazy . Other stuff irrelevant
positive	WOW ! @USER ' s Bad Blood is # 1 at Pop Radio for the 5th week .
positive	" In interviews Tom Brady has gone back to being nice-guy , aw-shucks Tom - nothing negative about Goodell . Thurs nite : Psycho Tom returns . "
neutral	Jim Murphy as a conflict resolution adviser ? the most inspired choice since Tony Blair became a peace envoy :-/ HTTPURL
positive	Tom Brady playing on Thursday makes the nfl season opener better to be honest nobody wanted to see a 2nd string QB
neutral	Kim Kardashian 's Makeup Artist Mario Dedivanovic Reveals His Drugstore Beauty Faves : Makeup artist Mario Dedivanovic ( whom you may kn ...
positive	" In-depth review of the spectacular @USER Moto G ( 3rd gen ) , one of the best in its class ! HTTPURL HTTPURL "
negative	I 'm sad I feel like I 'm going to get bad seats tomorrow with my luck & idk if z100 called the ppl for who 's going to sit on stage for shawn
negative	" @USER I hear you this Sunday morning , & will just remind you that Christians throughout history have not always followed Christ . "
positive	Looooong day . Ca n't wait to see Niall tomorrow :)
positive	" Amsterdam , be ready . Saturday , after show , a group of spanish guys will go singing and dancing u2 songs on the street . Camon . "
neutral	Tomorrow : Read about the very special playhouse Prince George will receive #shepherdshut #royals @USER HTTPURL
neutral	" Donald Trump & Kanye West should run for office together . They share that tight-jawed expression . Actually , they may even be the same person "
neutral	Hulk Hogan 1:6 th Scale Figure is up for Pre Order Check it out #WWE #HulkHogan - HTTPURL
neutral	" Zack , Type 1 for too long , Wishing it was Friday so I can listen to Iron Maiden 's new album . #dcde "
positive	Friday is going to be John Cena Appreciation day . Show your love for the great one by wearing jean shorts . Rt to spread awareness
negative	" I just sat through Kanye West 's MTV speech , what the fuck was that ... "
neutral	May or may not just met 80 % of the ppl in Christians building
neutral	@USER CP24 reporting ... the sir paul McCartney tickets for the October Toronto show go on sale at 11am EST ... get them while u can ...
positive	[ EVENT ] KPOP FUN RUN - AFTER PARTY September 5 | Quirino Grandstand Gates open at 4pm Experience the OUTDOOR ... HTTPURL
negative	" The WWE is less quick to forgive Hulk hogan , and severed all ties with him on Friday HTTPURL "
positive	@USER hey you better have no plans for Sep 13th ! ! That 's when Shawn and I 's comp is in Statesboro ! !
positive	Carly Fiorina may not make it to be President but she would be an excellent Secretary of State ! ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Beer and Nirvana ( the band , not the transcendent state ) . My recipe for getting through tomorrow . "
positive	Everywhere I go by Janet Jackson ! ugh I remember waking up when it was still dark in the winter for school I think like 3rd grade
positive	Frank Gifford was a great football player . I remember he used to be one of the commentators on Monday Night Football too . #RIPFrankGifford
negative	Getting up at 8am Monday thru Friday just might be worse than Kanye West last night at the vmas
positive	Okay wait before I go everyone listen to the version of last Friday night by Katy Perry with Missy Elliot . It 's gold . Thank me later .
positive	I 'm running on the stage if Sam Smith sings Lay Me Down tomorrow
neutral	@USER kane is a better then rooney with back to goal . rooney better sat just off
positive	" Chris Tucker has n't lost a step but I wish he would do one more Friday , Ice Cube pay the man lol "
positive	10:04 : I want to see Paper Towns tomorrow . @USER says it 's pretty good . #traderlivetweet2015
neutral	News Alarm : Josh Hamilton ( LF - Tex ) Josh Hamilton ( knee ) is taking batting practice on the field . He could be activated on Monday .
positive	Did you know that ' Gucci ' was Trending Topic on Friday 21 for 9 hours in Jackson ? HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	" I 'll make icons & headers of Lady Gaga from the full year of 2015 & I 'll post them tomorrow , Little Monsters ! "
neutral	Counting down to the #ItBeginsWithMe event at @USER this Sunday 1900 CEST with U2 ' s Bono ! #ZeroHunger HTTPURL
positive	" ( ANSA ) - Milan , Sept . 2 - On Sunday , on the occasion of the Grand Prix in Monza , Trenord established great rides ... HTTPURL "
negative	" Now that a UK soldier has been arrested over Bloody Sunday , I hope all the IRA , UDA , IVF and other murderers will be rearrested "
positive	" @USER Your also a WWE Pro Wrestling Fan ? I hope we the " " Feud " " between The Undertaker vs Brock Lesnar is over after Sun " " Summerslam " " ? "
negative	" Louis Tomlinson may not be a father , I did n't see anything more greedy for a little attention , I would n't be surprised if he came out as gay "
positive	" David Price 's 2nd pitcher of the week , Josh Donaldson 's 2nd hitter of the week , Corey Kluber 's 3rd pitcher of the day . "
negative	america runs on dunkin may explain why america 's in shambles 99 % of the time
positive	" Ok , Caribou playing Ca n't Do Without You made me dance so hard I may have cried , so I get it Sam Smith girls . "
neutral	Glo Premier League star striker Tunde Adeniji on Thursday scored twice as the Super Eagles defeated Amakson Ac ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Beltran padding up his 2nd half of the season numbers . Actually , everyone can do that with this Red Sox pitching staff today . #NYYvsBOS "
negative	@USER dude - u are killing me with the Big Brother spoilers . I may have to unfollow u until the season is over lol
positive	The only GREAT dead Beatle is George Harrison . May he serenade me with a sweet guitar solo as I enter the pearly gates
positive	Persona 4 Arena may be the Naruto Ultimate Ninja of Arc System Works fighting games but i still like it and need 2 pick up ultimax
neutral	" By local , fresh produce for xmas at the special @USER x @USER twilight market on 23 Dec HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER @USER Jupiter on Thursday , then . Thor 's day , thunder & lightning , Jupiter . "
neutral	" If Europe wants to take Muslim refugees from Syria , America should take the Christians , though they may suffer #persecution in America , too . "
negative	" @USER recognizes most top religions-Christianity , Buddhism , Judaism-but fails to recognizes the 2nd largest religion in the world , Islam "
neutral	" @USER may I get a solo with Niall , please ? "
neutral	@USER maybe come 13th WWE WH Champion if he beats Seth Rollins for WWE WH Championship tonight 's main event #RAW
neutral	" I just need to know if the term " " Sharknado " " will be mentioned in an AFD tomorrow . This is important . "
neutral	Who wants to be a total babe and get donuts with me every Friday morning from Dunkin ?
positive	#dailymail Carly Fiorina poll jump from 11th to 7th might fall short of CNN 's ' top ten ' : Fiorina 's rise in the ... HTTPURL
neutral	I am selling 2 tickets for Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean at Arrowhead on Saturday . Message me if you or someone you know is interested
positive	New IA poll has Ben Carson and Donald Trump tied ... with Carly Fiorina in 3rd . Should be an interesting next few months ...
positive	The first time I ever watched Shawn on tv was on Michael and Kelly and now he 's gonna be on the show tomorrow I 'm emotional
positive	Todays #ullukapatha is Rahul Gandhi . You may ask WHY ? Nothing . Just that he is a filler on days we have no Ullukapathas . Happy Diwali
neutral	TOMORROW ( Thurs ) I AM STREAMING 12 HOURS OF NUCLEAR THRONE REBEL RUNS from 12pm to 12am with 12 hours of 12 David Bowie albums ( 2/2 )
positive	CHEAP Hot dogs TODAY ! Thursday is National Hot Dog Day HTTPURL ADD @USER to the list as well ! HTTPURL
positive	@USER can't wait to see you in milan in june ! ! Love youuu xx
positive	Robert Pattinson was so beautiful in the 1st Twilight
positive	Uncharted 4 on March 18th ! Come on PS4 keep up the quality exclusives !
neutral	If anyone has two Jason Aldean tickets for Sep 5th that they want to get rid of please let me know so I can take them off your hands !
positive	" On Monday my next blog post " " Smells like team spirit " " will go live . Will it reach Nirvana ? :) "
neutral	" Might as well get the Djokovic vs Federer final on Sunday going , even if Murray was still in the field . Just seems destined for that . "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER I can call the lady cause Kane wo n't turn up till Thursday
neutral	Friday the 13th is n't the only day Hulk Hogan tells his daughter to avoid black cats .
neutral	The U . S . says the Boko Haram sect in north-east Nigeria may have benefitted from money gotten from crude oil theft HTTPURL
neutral	" Since Sam Smith 's Bond theme is called Writing 's On The Wall , that 's the 7th theme with a title that does n't match the movie . So there . "
neutral	" @USER yeah , i 'm aware , i just meant that we have like no information about her , all we know is she may have hooked up with niall "
positive	I wanna dress up as David Bowie for decades day tomorrow but alas I have no money and no time for it
neutral	Broadcasting tonight at 7:30 /8 pm edt . More MGS V : The Phantom Pain ( PS4 ) ... tomorrow will be Destiny ! ( PS4 ) #heroofgaming
neutral	Harry backstage with Niall last night in Cleveland - - Aug 27 ( via @USER ) HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER yes , it 's true I 've missed all my children but no Go Set a Watchman gets released Tuesday "
negative	The biggest victory for the IRA was Bloody Sunday . Membership surged . Bombing Syria will only do the same . Membership of ISIS will rocket .
neutral	" I 'm mainly just waiting on Cameron 's on the 8th , Jack G 's on the 10th & then Niall 's on the 13th "
neutral	The third generation of the Moto G is here ! Two models available - starting at $ 180 : HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	" After the exciting news of " " U2 " " announcing Irish dates in November , here 's an interesting little fact , :) When U2 ... HTTPURL "
neutral	When you get reality check on 4th day of Eid .
neutral	Will this be the major that Dustin Johnson finally grabs ? HTTPURL via @USER
positive	July 22nd is n't just Prince George 's birthday . A very happy birthday to nearly 5 million who will be celebrating their special day
neutral	Rondy Rousey 's next opponent will be Holly Holm on Jan 2 . Will she at least last longer than Rousey 's last 3 victims ? HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER Just think there may be more interesting match-ups for Rousey ( spoiler : she still wins ) than ANOTHER rematch .
negative	While former IRA terrorists swan around with their ' letters of immunity ' handed to them by Tony Blair . Absurd . HTTPURL
neutral	Todd Hayne intoxicating tale of love against the odds #Carol stars Cate Blanchett & Rooney Mara In cinemas from Fri HTTPURL
positive	Wondering About Carly Fiorina on the 2nd Amendment ? Wonder No More . HTTPURL Trump has supported gun control . #Carly4President
neutral	@USER @USER when Shawn and the jacks are going to be in NYC AND YOU ARE GOING ON THURSDAY NIGHT
neutral	Ice Cube raw asf I never knew he 's the creator of friday and boyz n the hood .. GOAT
neutral	Boy I bet Kendrick is glad he did n't go for that 2nd cup of coffee before calling TLR on Greinke . #minutesaway #Dbacks
neutral	" Well they stole Josh Hamilton from the Cubs ! Why not Schwarber , too ? ! HTTPURL "
neutral	" 1 , The guy is a hunk . 2 . Get Drunk . 3 . Do Sex . 4 . regret it . 5 . Contact in order campus , police , Rolling Stone . HTTPURL "
positive	" When your 2 1/2 yr old 's 1st words this morning are " " It 's Star Wars Day " " b / c we are seeing a sneak peek tonight #ProudGeekMom #HesDarthVadar "
positive	David Bowie 's new song Blackstar is fucking brilliant . He is ceaselessly exceptional and innovative . Excited for the album January 8th !
positive	Do n't miss Celebrity Big Brother starting Thursday at 9pm EXCLUSIVELY on TV3 ! #CBB Who do you want in the #CBB house ? !
neutral	If this woman gets away with this there may be some serious repercussions for Christians . I can see muslimed ... HTTPURL
positive	" It was just a good day , I felt comfortable and hope for the same tomorrow - - Paul Dunne : HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	Put it like this craigs gf on Friday looked ghetto with her braids but Janet Jackson in poetic justice did n't HTTPURL
positive	" @USER All you need to do is catch U2 to Brunel University looool in shaa Allah man , I 'm free atm . I start in October "
positive	" I like to stop in Starbucks in front of Lowe 's 1st , then pretend I 'm at Neiman 's . " " Excuse me , but where are the new hammers from Milan ? " " "
neutral	Anybody want to swap 2x Saturday Tickets for Foo Fighters for 2 xSunday Tickets ?
neutral	" Local teams of C & W , Irrigation & PHE are in #Chitral from Eid 's 1st day & have carried out the damage assessment #KPKUpdates "
neutral	" @USER @USER In terms of the 1st Amendment , is there a difference between Christians and Muslims , John ? Christians and Jews ? "
neutral	Have n't read To Kill a Mockingbird in years . That may be a good thing for when I read Go Set a Watchman . Might make it less heartbreaking .
positive	@USER just about to watch Iran play Czech Republic at handball in wroclaw . I may be the only one cheering Iran .
neutral	" December 26th , 2015 : Check out the article on Justin Bieber featured in our local newspaper , " " KOSMO " " today ! HTTPURL "
positive	Iron Maiden star sells his Essex home ( pub included ! ) - Yes Please ( well it is Friday ! ) HTTPURL
negative	Kim Davis has been arrested for following her religious beliefs ! So the 1st amend . do n't apply to Christians ?
neutral	" no one knows tomorrow for Kanye West , he may like going West or North West but what if God says he is going Nowhere or to South East "
neutral	" As Sonia & could not buy SC judgement in favor of Yakub , they are worried that Teesta and Tejpal may have to face the same fate . "
positive	So what I 'm focusing on is motivating Tom Brady and my team I want them to have a great game Thursday
neutral	#nowplaying Last Friday Night - Katy Perry on 95XFM with @USER HTTPURL
positive	Inside Amy Schumer is scorching its merry way back onto @USER in the new year . S3 begins on Jan 11 at 11pm . ( S2 still on demand . )
positive	Monday night raw ! ! ! Time to play the game and hopefully Brock Lesnar will rest in tombstone city
neutral	" This is the same sentence of January events ( Attack of Charlie Hebdo ) : " " I'am Charlie / Je suis Charlie " " HTTPURL "
negative	u never see how the disbelievers unit like the unit against Muslims . May Allah doom US it their helpers in this life and pit bottom of hell
neutral	" Hey , no matter what happens to Paul Dunne , he can always say he led @USER at the end of the day on Sunday . "
negative	@USER im not watching no more to watch meg and James be bullyed canceling feeds Friday I 'm done with big brother
neutral	" It just was n't going to be Murray 's tournament . A head cold , 2 very tricky 1st and 2nd round opponents and an inspired Anderson performance "
positive	" Bout to see Ant-Man , hope it 's good ! ! ! I 'll report back tomorrow ! "
positive	#FollowMeHayes @USER I share a bday with Justin bieber lmao remember to wish me on March 1st ;)
neutral	@USER i challenge you to get 7.5 K by August 20 or you have to draw Naruto sexy jutsu #ChallengeMeToGlo
neutral	was feeling the urge to intrude sm mnl 's 3rd floor earlier and check if Paper Towns is still showing . realized 2 things :
neutral	" Orioles-Blue Jays Preview : The Baltimore Orioles face David Price on Saturday , and the Toronto Blue Jays are i ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Scott Walker on Sunday said he was considering a fence on the border with Canada : " " Some people have asked us ... HTTPURL "
positive	" On Sunday , The only way to watch us is to BE THERE IN PERSON ! ! Come out to the Prince George 's Sport Complex at ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER enhen nau . Next day after Eid they started . I 've resumed work since Tuesday
positive	" @USER I can tell man , I 'm going to Zac Brown Band on Saturday , that should be fun as hell . "
neutral	@USER it 's all Gucci my water bottle exploded on me Monday
neutral	Starting to know how Paul Dunne felt yesterday walking to the 1st tee
neutral	Abreu just missed an opposite field homer . Got a fastball up and the White Sox in prime position to take the lead in the 10th .
neutral	" @USER lol , true . The other striker you do have were trying to take off your hands by Tuesday , lol ! ! Kane has lost his confidence ! "
neutral	Fan Wwe Monday night Raw about to over up next John Cena the time player them up John Cena .
neutral	Nobody should complain that Yakub didnt get full opportunity to get Justice though it may not have gone his way.Salute to Supreme Court .
neutral	" I grew up with Monday Night Football . As long as I can remember , Frank Gifford was part of our household . Today ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Thor is cruising and we are hosed ... see you all tomorrow at 2-1
negative	Big Brother is going to be the reason I fall asleep in public tomorrow and mess up the first 3 weeks of school oops
neutral	@USER in #UAE Eid came on Friday and Saturday ( which is usually off ) no extra day was given . Do n't know why we love chutiyaan
neutral	@USER come on Leslie where is your Christmas spirit a miracle could happen tomorrow is Harvey day then the degromatior then Thor
negative	John Cena got screwed ! 1st the ref got knocked out then John Stewart comes out with a chair . Disgrace ! #TitleForTitle #Cenation #SummerSlam
positive	" Riverside yoga on Race Street Pier was an awesome way to start my day . Going to get a long run in , and then it 's Sunday Funday tonight . "
neutral	" I really do n't want to believe the sun but i after Zayn 's leaving and all the drama , I just can't help but think if it 's true "
negative	" still heated over the fact that Frank Ocean did n't release his album in July . Frank Ocean , what 's good ? "
positive	" @USER may I request Katy Perry " " dark horse , " " that song really gets the dust off the speakers . "
positive	Wonder how it feels like to be Paul McCartney . Like on throw back Thursday does he look back and marvel at the time he was a Beatle ?
positive	Andre Berto insists he feels better than ever ahead of his biggest ever fight against Floyd Mayweather on September 12 . The 31 - year-old
positive	Bring on the housemates ! Celebrity Big Brother kicks off August 27th @USER 9pm EXCLUSIVELY on TV3 ! HTTPURL
positive	" Foo Fighters are here TOMORROW ! Join us for happy hour before the show at Gate 1 from 5-7 pm . $ 5 cocktails , $ 4 beer , $ 3 sodas / water "
positive	@USER dear misguided Muslim brother Ahmadiyyat is True n beauty of Islam ... May Allah Guide u to the right path @USER
negative	Anarchists dried off in the sun inside Lady Gaga 's crotch . I am cringeing .
neutral	" Anyone want to buy 2 tickets to the Foo Fighters in Milton Keynes on Sunday , one of my workmates has some mates taht cant go "
neutral	Murray 's Major QF Streak Ends With US Open Loss to Anderson : Andy Murray 's Grand Slam quarterfinals streak ends with 4th - round US Ope ...
positive	I have @USER hearts warming eve gift is done I will give it to twilight on Monday
positive	" @USER " " Triple H may be better than both if us , but I 'm still better than you , Seth Rollins . " " Good work , Sting . #RAW "
positive	" I just liked this song " " And The Sun Will Shine " " by Bee Gees HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	I can listen to the whole Ed Sheeran album from th 1st song to the last without skipping any song
positive	" Okay , I 'm going to bed . Rt for a solo DM with Shawn ! ! Mbf ! I 'll be giving them out tomorrow :) ) goodnight "
neutral	" @USER : You can now Listen new song cover of @USER Love yourself " " by : Justin bieber heres the link ~ > HTTPURL " " "
neutral	" Tom Brady Slip in Approval Ratings : Tom Brady may have won his appeal to have the 4 game suspension reversed , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I hate to succumb to the thought but Rousey just may be The Juggernaut . HTTPURL
positive	Get in ! ! Murray take the 3rd ! ! ( Anderson leads 7-6 6-3 6-7 ) #USOpen2015
positive	" No but I need to be in a happy place by September 25th , if not I 'll be crying the entire Ed Sheeran concert .. #foreveralone "
neutral	" Fall out of Dar es Salaam draw : Super Eagles manager , Sunday Oliseh , has declared that he is not losing sleep ... HTTPURL "
neutral	How May ffs do you want for Shawn and Normani ? HTTPURL
neutral	Everybody is finally starting to watch naruto where the fuck you guys been . I have been watching it every Thursday since 9th grade . #rookies
positive	gonna go see Justin bieber with dylan in March on my birthday ! ! !
neutral	" Tomorrow the last day of the transfers and players like Zacca , Noce , Matri are still in Milan . @USER "
neutral	" If " " Carol " " does n't make you yearn for Cate Blanchett to take you out for a flirtatious martini lunch , you may wish to seek medical attention "
positive	I am just thankful it 's not raining tomorrow for Foo Fighters .
positive	" Well , my posse and I arrived safe and sound on Monday , close to noon , in Milan . The flight was great . Here 's the ... HTTPURL "
negative	@USER I arrived in Milan on Wednesday and I have yet to receive the remaining 6 pieces of my luggage . No one seems to care .
neutral	@USER 8th . Juventus and Milan conclude the Top 10 .
positive	@USER ur solo masturbation scene in the twilight parody was so hot ! ! ! watched it when in 8th standard .. now in college .. memories
positive	Last day for ANT-MAN ! MISSION IMPOSSIBLE ROGUE NATION opens FRI ! I am so impressed with this movie ! Do n't miss it ! HTTPURL
neutral	Floyd Mayweather still on on the 12th of September ? With who ?
positive	Calibraska is so good omg & It 's 1st on the charts ! I 'm so proud of the boys they never fail to impress .
neutral	" Go Set A Watchman initial reaction : oh no , it 's a period romance . But I like what the Guardian did with the web stuff HTTPURL "
positive	Murray d . Bellucci 6-3 6-2 7-5 . Much better play from the start compared to his last match . Very tamed match . Into 4th round . #USOpen
neutral	" White House Responds To Kanye West 's Presidential Bid , Rihanna Says She 'd Vote For Yeezy : On Sunday at the 201 ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER could you please let me know what randy orton does tomorrow , if he stops for fans or does n't ? That would be great :) "
neutral	Payback is a bitch Seth Rollins you 've may have uh band the RKO at WrestleMania their is a RKO with your name on it
neutral	Me rn cause Calibraska comes out tomorrow in the U . S . HTTPURL
negative	@USER badboy Putin wont let this continue forever . he may secretly back ISIS in their call for uprising in Saudi Arabia
positive	Rainbow Mika is in SFV ! Yes ! Did my 1st project predict this when I had her beat Randy Orton for the WWE title to prove capcom a point ?
positive	Just found a Banda machine . May need it come George Osborne 's November Spending Review ... HTTPURL
positive	" See tonight , @USER gets to enjoy the hell outta some Splatfest on WiiU , TOMORROW I get to yell at bullshit deaths in Dark Souls 2 on PS4 ! "
positive	" The weeknd and ed Sheeran made a song together ... yep , today is definitely Friday . And it will be a very good day . "
positive	" @USER @USER I hope you have a wonderful sunday night as well , Shawn "
neutral	I found out gucci was coming out with a movie on October 17th so I made a twittta
neutral	awwww ... i miss the 1st batch of Big Brother when I saw Nene ... my God its been all ages already ! #PBB10years
positive	" Congrats to debutant Carl Ikeme , who saved the Super Eagles ' blushes with a brilliant display vs Tanzania on Saturday . #MadeOfBlack "
neutral	Why am I just hearing this ? ... Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday by TopDawgEnt #np on #SoundCloud HTTPURL
positive	randy orton still got he looks mon ! ! !
positive	John Kasich seems well balanced and sensible compared to the rest at Thursday night 's debate . I say @USER won .
neutral	@USER They did n't believe the Sun for a single second about Louis becoming a dad but they believe the Sun on anything to do with Zayn
positive	" I knew Thor would get the job done . Matz on tomorrow , offense seems to be waking up , Let 's Go Mets ! ! ! #LGM "
negative	I 've been thinking about it ... Does anyone else find it disturbing how Kane may face rape charges and GM 's are calling on his availability ?
neutral	Carly Fiorina : Against spending political capital fighting over amending the 14th Amendment . Thank you .
neutral	" Wait if Briana really got pregnant in march when they said she did , does n't that mean she is 9 months already and that she is due any day ? "
negative	I really want to see shawn on Tuesday BUT MY MOM WORKS LATE ON TUESDAY AND I HAVE NO WAY OF GETTING THERE AND IM SAD
neutral	Wright greets Mets at hotel in full uniform with cookies : David Wright may have greeted the Phillies with an u ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER Niall is gonna have to be my new bestie ! He 's way funnier than you ! Hope @USER does n't see this HTTPURL
neutral	" #AamirKhan celebrates Eid with brother #Faisalkhan and family On July 18 , Aamir Khan took time off to celebrate ... HTTPURL "
positive	2nd Day of Eid in Wadi Bin Khaled - Oman .. it was really awesome fantastic <3 <3 HTTPURL
neutral	In this video WWE RAW 7 September 2015 - WWE RAW 7/9 / 2015 Ryback vs Seth Rollins one on one in the wwe ... HTTPURL
positive	" it 's going to be an year since my wwa concert on sunday , Niall 's birthday ) ): "
neutral	@USER me too but Zayn was just on a break at 1st too so idk I 'm still super scared
neutral	" Are you a Force to be reckoned with ? Thurs . , Dec 17 is Star Wars Day . Batteries not included-some assembly required HTTPURL "
neutral	Kanye West and Kim Kardashian share a laugh during the show on Sunday night HTTPURL
neutral	An eclipse is just the sun 's attempt to hide from Chuck Norris
positive	@USER if you are enjoying Bloodborne you may enjoy Dark Souls too if you did n't already played it
positive	" Tomorrow 's going to be a big day , nope . Not because its 17 . Haha enough with that date . Its a Star Wars day ! ! ! "
positive	@USER @USER @USER I still remember him from waiting I 'm line to see U2 at Sun Life . We had a nice chat about U2 !
neutral	" Ryan Braun 's home run in the 6th puts gives the Brewers a 1-0 lead . A . J . Pollock , Goldy , and David Peralta will look to answer . "
positive	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL One Direction waving at fans at the window of their hotel in Milan , December 12th "
negative	" So unfortunately , it 's all really bad timing rn , so I can't go to the Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow , but if anybody wants floor seats ... "
neutral	#SamDubose rest in peace . May you be liberated from suffering and attain complete nirvana . My prayers are with you .
positive	And that 's gonna conclude my Live Tweeting Thursday with the Nirvana marathon . Thanks for tuning in ! #LiveTweetingThursday
positive	Sunday is National Ice Cream Day . How could you miss that ? Here 's some food inspiration from @USER HTTPURL
neutral	My friend has 2 extra tickets for the Ed Sheeran concert this Thursday 9/10 in Tampa at Amalie Arena . For sale ... HTTPURL
positive	I just had the best 3rd date ever Hate how before this thing takes off properly I 'm gonna be going back to Milan
neutral	" . @USER enters with 1 on , 1 out and a 3-2 count after Walker has to exit . The #Mariners still lead the White Sox , 2-0 , in the 7th . "
neutral	Hi @USER We would like 2 invite U2 become a Vendor @USER the 3rd Annual @USER 4 more info go2 HTTPURL #HotSauce
neutral	@USER remind the media that we may not have journalist killed but this administration does n't mind leaving them jailed in Iran
neutral	" Hang Tiger , not Yakub , says Salman : Mumbai , July 26 : Bollywood superstar Salman Khan has come out against the ... HTTPURL "
positive	Everyone desperate to see Paper Towns tomorrow - seen it ! ! ! So good tho hope you all enjoy it if you have n't seen it already it 's amazing
negative	Frank Ocean is one of the last acts at FYF on Saturday and if he dips out I swear I 'm going to riot
neutral	Murray runs it about 20 yards across the 50 for an Aggies 1st down .
negative	" I do n't like this " " anime camera " " though ( I first saw it in the Naruto fighter ) feels like it discourages local play for 2nd player "
neutral	" i 've never listened to kpop , i 'll give it a try tomorrow morning "
neutral	Why is no one talking about the fact that Niall 's birthday is almost here . Or the fact the boys can drop the 5th album any day now
positive	I am going to Milan tomorrow with my family . HTTPURL
neutral	Jeremy Corbyn 's economic policy is so radical but reasonable George Osborne got a nose bleed reading it ! #AnotherWay HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER a good question to reflect on by Le Guin , but I think both can be true . Or , Watchman may flesh out the reality of Mockingbird ( 1 ) "
negative	" Rappers make millions while saying the N word , Hulk Hogan says it and as a result may lose millions . "
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER @USER Tony Blair admitted he may have Created ISIS , Every action has a reaction , "
neutral	@USER + ticket rates and still EID mana rahe the log monday tuesday tak .. Dilwale ka bhi monday tuesday huge hoga wait n watch bro
neutral	" Make contact with the ball . - Paul Dunne , when asked what his thoughts will be on the first tee tomorrow at #TheOpen "
neutral	" Freaked out this morning cause I thought it was Friday . Eomma asked me if I missed something . Naruto , mum . I thought I missed this weeks ep . "
positive	" I chose this one in honor of night 2 with @USER ... - " " Tomorrow Never Comes " " by Zac Brown Band #Cymbal HTTPURL "
neutral	A seal may not have been achieved on the proposed international friendly between the Super Eagles and Mena of Niger Republic .
neutral	" Ha , says Spanish lawyer who had a conversation with Real Madrid on Monday night . HTTPURL "
negative	" Presumably , in the balance of justuce , the arrest of soldiers over Bloody Sunday fiasco means old ex IRA members will also be questioned ? "
neutral	SC to resume Yakub 's petition hearing tomorrow : The Supreme Court on Monday asked the Centre to explain apparent irregularity in dism ...
positive	It 's National Ice Cream Day ? I may have to do something about that ...
negative	@USER @USER I feel like I planned my whole day wrong . I gotta get ready for class tomorrow . BUT I JUSR T WANNA WATCH NICKI
positive	Can we talk about the fact that I literally fell for Niall on Saturday .
positive	@USER Feel so much better knowing Thor will be in the house Sunday . HTTPURL
negative	John Kasich has been living in the murky middle on energy policy . His home state may force his hand soon . HTTPURL
positive	Have you tried one of our fab new Yoga classes we have a brand new Yoga class on a Monday evening with David ... HTTPURL
positive	2 Foo Fighters tickets going cheap for this sat at Milton Keynes Bowl #foofighters #tickets #cheap #forsale
neutral	Check it out New post : See how much Kim Kardashian & Kanye West were Offered For The 1st Photos Of Their Son Saint HTTPURL
neutral	Does anyone want a Foo Fighters ticket for Saturday at Milton Keynes Bowl ?
neutral	" Hamid Gul though he damaged Islam and Muslims , thinking he is doing good to Islam and Muslims , but being a human I pray he may rest in peace "
negative	Looks like Dustin Johnson wo n't be winning the pga championship after shooting an 8 on the 1st hole . #choke #PGAChampionship
neutral	" @USER idul adha is the feast of the sacrifice , major festival , greater eid . It 's the 2nd of two religious holidays celebrated by Muslims . "
positive	" Cranking Iron Maiden tomorrow when I head to work . If you are going the speed limit , get out of my way . "
neutral	" @USER the 14th amend applies to race pal , get the states to ratify one for gay marriage . I am trying to work and participate here bud "
positive	" Ewoks I may be streaming tonight , My friend is letting me use her cap card for the night ! Hopefully it works for PS4 so I can stream Mad Max "
neutral	@USER : Is TFI Friday cancelled because of Chris Evans ' Top Gear ? HTTPURL HTTPURL No : it 's crap
neutral	Please register for this free event with Gov . Scott Walker on Monday in Sun City . It is open to the public ! HTTPURL
positive	@USER @USER me and Kendrick are going to run PS4 this Saturday everyone will know of the return . @USER
neutral	" @USER 1st Gulf war Tony Blair allowed 40 active AQ to claim asylum in Britain , can the Governemnt tell us where theyRnow ? @USER "
negative	" Nah . 1st Hulk Hogan is an open bigot , 2nd Meek Mill trashed the Undertaker music , and now another legend has died . HTTPURL "
neutral	So Ice Cube can give us Ride Along 2 but he can't give us another Friday movie with Chris Tucker .
neutral	" I wanted Nadean to record me twerking to mistletoe by Justin Bieber so I could post it tomorrow & she tells me " " no that 's a sin " " . HOE . IDC "
neutral	" I might not be able to tell you any answers to my homework tomorrow , but I sure will tell you all about how the Red Sox beat the Yankees . "
neutral	#ToughEnough The Miz is the right candidate to replace Hulk Hogan as the 3rd judge . #WWE
neutral	We may have lost the football game but at least we know the difference between Gucci and Chanel
neutral	I 'm about to try and convince my mom to let me go to the ed Sheeran concert tomorrow pls hope it works
positive	" Tum Kya Samajhty Ho Choro Gay To Mar Jayen Gay hum , . H ! NA 1 Bat Kahun Tum Se Jee to wo b rahy he jin ko chora ta tere liye . Sweet prince . "
positive	Promoted again ! I just guided Milan to 2nd place in Non-League A HTTPURL
positive	Zayn reminds me of Rih . This may be blasphemous to say but I feel like he 's about to be a male version of her which is good
positive	" The library will be celebrating National Ice Cream Day tomorrow , July 20th ! Stop by between 10am - 11am and make ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Justin Bieber in Devonshire as the relation of her two ladies may be no notice it .
positive	Trying to sell my Jason Aldean ticket for this Saturday . Anyone want to go ? ? ?
positive	" I love refinding amazing songs . In 9th grade ( now im a junior ) i loved SOO many amazing rap songs like Memories back then with Kendrick , bob "
neutral	Sunday 's with Itchy ep 216 HTTPURL Back in the saddle again . If all goes according to plan we 'll be in Israel by #fuckcancer
neutral	Ohio Governor John Kasich will be in the big GOP debate during prime time Thursday . HTTPURL
neutral	THE BEE GEES First Of May MINT 45 RPM with ORIGINAL SLEEVE HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	sam smith on 2nd ave ! waaaaa how can you sing like its just bahay kubo megesh
positive	" Frank Ocean 's nostalgia , ULTRA is finally on @USER ; it is going to be a good #Friday . "
positive	. @USER is joining us for National Hot Dog day on the 23rd . Hawt dawg ! HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" After going + 5 on the 1st 4 holes ( including a QUADRUPLE bogey on 1 ) , Dustin Johnson is - 7 for his next 8 . "
neutral	" Friday in studio with @USER Dez Bryant gets love in Rolling Stone , RG3 gets no love and maybe we keep it on the rails , maybe not "
neutral	" Dear Liberals : If #Obamacare and gay marriage are " " the law of the land , " " what are the 2nd ammendment and immigration laws ? "
positive	" FYF Festival : Hey frank , you excited to perform this Friday ? Frank Ocean : new phone , who dis "
positive	Sam Smith Found His Nirvana in Miami ! : Sam Smith is all smiles as he goes for a stroll at the beach on Sunday ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Is Carly Fiorina Better Off Being Left Out ? : Despite her rise in the polls , the GOP contender still may not ma ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I think at this juncture I may like Queens of The Stone Age more than I like Nirvana . tending bar @USER tonight if you 'd like to discus
neutral	The Voting Rights Act turns 50 on Thursday . A funny thing happened on the way to post-racial nirvana at the polls . HTTPURL
negative	Caitlyn Jenner is accused of manslaughter in a crash during the Bruce era . Police may call it off after trouble locating a Bruce Jenner .
negative	Worth noting George Osborne must have known about the drone strike when he made his comments on the Andrew Marr Show on Sunday #DroneGate
negative	" @USER this is like the 10th time they 've posted this . Why not put better artists on there , Kendrick Lamar HTTPURL "
neutral	" Your mileage may vary , but I just can't take a 50 - year-old guy w / a receding hairline and overdone eyeliner seriously against Brock Lesnar . "
neutral	I want to sleep but Briana loves typing like there 's no freaking tomorrow
positive	" Italian Society for NIR Spectroscopy : great success of the 1st Winter School , Milan , Italy and ... HTTPURL "
neutral	May we meet the next Ramadhan and Eid . In Shaa Allah .
neutral	" NetNewsLedger Last Friday Night : Katy Perry Cover Show Encore Performance , Friday , September 11 at the Foundry ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Rummel takes a timeout with Curtis facing a 4th and 5 with 6:13 left in the game .
positive	@USER Naruto is the sun its alright
negative	" @USER Sharknado without Tara Reid is just not Sharknado , might as well call it nonado if no April #AprilLives #Sharknado3 "
neutral	" Caitlyn Jenner might get sued for $ 18.5 M in Malibu incident : Washington D . C . , Aug 29 : Adding to the Caitlyn J ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER you think she 's ugly only because Zayn may be dating her.Most y'all judge them bc you want to be the one dating Zayn or whatever
negative	#Climate - ' cutting it close ' : A Warning from Islam by Bill McKibben HTTPURL via @USER @USER @USER @USER
positive	BOOM ! A Ryan Braun grand slam puts the #Brewers up 6-0 in the bottom of the 5th ! #MILvsPHI
neutral	" @USER Naruto groans as he rubbed the back of his head . " " Yeah .. I 'm fine . " " He sat up to look at his daughter . "
neutral	" No regular classes tomorrow , Monday , September 7 ... Please join us for the following : 9:30 am Hatha Yoga w / ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Seth Rollins absolutely has to win this Sunday if they do n't want to ruin him forever now .
neutral	@USER As #Corbyn being continually pilloried for talking to Sinn Fein and the IRA will we be decrying the legacy of Good Friday ?
positive	" Sweet Jesus , I may just vote for John Kasich . #GOPDebate "
neutral	" Yourself into it . By listening to kpop , kculture comes with it . You may not agree with their culture and that 's fine as long as it 's in a "
positive	Jason Aldean tomorrow night will be the best concert of the year hands down
positive	" Last shift in the pub tonight , going to see Foo Fighters on Tuesday and then it 's back to Stirling on Wednesday . Canny wait ! "
neutral	" Thank you Miss USA ! You stole my words " " Beauty is in the inside and outside " " . You may be drop dead gorgeous but ... HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER @USER tomorrow morning u will get reply , yakub will be hanged . India is not going to be govern by presstitutes , "
negative	" Women do n't let men enjoy anything . You 're complaining about 1 month of Star Wars ? Bitch , I sat through 2 years of Twilight . "
neutral	" Mikel Obi snubbed me in London - Super Eagles Coach , Sunday Oliseh : Head coach of the Super Eagles , Sunday ... HTTPURL "
positive	Happy birthday to @USER from Israel ! May you live to 120 with good health and great wisdom !
positive	I 'm impressed with Moto G [ 3rd Gen ] phone so far . Excellent value and just the right screen size for me [ not too big ] .
positive	It would have been cool if Ice Cube was staring out of the window at his neighbor when they showed him writing Friday . #HeyMissParker
positive	" If I do n't go to the gym tomorrow night , I can watch SHARKNADO 2 again . It has been too long since I watched . "
neutral	@USER do n't recall the AL scoring but Ryan Braun scored on sac fly in 9th
neutral	Really hope Dustin Johnson shoots something in the low 60 ' s tomorrow and is at least in contention . So many haters out there .
neutral	Tune into Monday Night RAW LIVE from San Jose California as Brock Lesnar returns to RAW on the road to SummerSlam Monday at 8p m ET on USA
positive	" Foo fighters last night . .. tonight I get to start a new book . Rock and Roll , it 's how I Roll and @USER gig on Friday ! "
positive	Tomorrow 51beautiful women from all over the USA come together to compete for one crown and one title of Miss USA ... HTTPURL
negative	Highly disappointed with @USER : Yakub 's last rites on 1st page news whereas Dr.Kalam who was laid to rest at ramehswaram on page 13
neutral	" September 16 , the day , we answer your questions on " " How to share the gospel with Muslims " " Do n't Forget to mark it ! HTTPURL "
neutral	" The " " Bye , Felicia " " line in Straight Outta Compton by Ice Cube 's son is a sick s / o to his dad saying " " Bye , Felicia " " in the movie Friday . #NWA "
neutral	" Shitty week , but got a 6er of Phillips Coulrophobia India Red Ale for bed & a new Iron Maiden double LP is out tomorrow for the long weekend "
neutral	I 've sat in the same spot for three hours watching meeting shawn experiences on youtube ...
positive	Floyd Mayweather may be greatest boxer in the world right now but Ronda Rousey is the greatest fighter in the world
positive	@USER can't wait to see you next Tuesday at Shawn 's concert at @USER
neutral	You already know every senior is rolling up with Dunkin tomorrow
neutral	WTI crude at a premium to Brent out to July . Supply glut focus going global as Iran gets ready to pump and dump HTTPURL
neutral	We 're supposed to believe a pap recognised and papped Briana on Oct 26 then just sat on the pics til Nov 3 lmfao PLEASE
positive	@USER The really interesting people are the ones who take their shirts off in the sun because they saw Twilight .
neutral	It 's Sunday night and I 'm listening to Chic and the Bee Gees . Get in .
neutral	@USER Many listeners are not with the information yet . May have read a book or 2but still not convinced ! Twilight zone someone ?
neutral	Imagine being De Gea going to sleep then waking up tomorrow ready to become a Real Madrid player
positive	" K-Fest Vancouver is Go ! Saturday September 5th on UBC campus ! My dream come true , join the event page here Kpop fans HTTPURL "
negative	" desperately want to go to jason aldean in september with my niggas but the majority of my friends hate country : , ( sad tweet "
neutral	Republicans Monday blasted SecState John Kerry for suggesting that the Obama Admin could help Iran bypass the new visa restrictions .
neutral	Last monday on raw was the summerslam rematch between the Wyatt family taking on Roman Reigns and dean ambrose .
positive	" I have meet-cute dreams a lot . Meet Chris Evans , figure out how to date , wake up . They 're all like the first 1/3 rd of a contemp romance . "
positive	Islam in Bangladesh is like the multiple colors of a mirror under the sun There is love in these images . A ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER just asked me what I 'm wearing to Justin Bieber 's concert in February ...
positive	@USER FINALLY GOT MY TICKET 4 #SweetSweetFantasyTour in Milan ! ! ! Ca n't believe I 'll see u 4 the 1st time will u take some selfies ?
neutral	" This is Al Michaels , with Frank Gifford and Dan Dierdorf . Growing up in the 80 ' s . Monday Night Football "
positive	" According to billboard " " Sorry " " is the 9th best song of the year . #VideoMTV2015 Justin Bieber "
neutral	Jon Stewart Gets Body Slammed by John Cena on ' WWE Monday Night Raw ' : The former ' Daily Show ' host was slammed to the floor by Cena ...
positive	" PM Modi won heart of Muslims with his UAE tour HTTPURL Editorial , Sahara Urdu , 18 August 2015 "
negative	Seth Rollins is much less than zero percent happy . He wanted this past Monday to be the greatest night of his career ! #Smackdown
neutral	If Paul Dunne wins tomorrow I 'm going to feel stupid for not betting a dollar on him #1500-1ods
positive	@USER @USER @USER saw my 1st concert in 91 acdc then saw nirvana at the big day out WOW still remember likeyesterday
neutral	John cena and the primetime players vs the The new day members Big E and Kofi Kingston and Seth Rollins now on wwe monday night raw 9/7 / 2015
positive	Celebrate the first day of classes with us tomorrow : SAA will have Dunkin ' coffee and donuts in Centennial Commons tomorrow morning at 7:30 !
neutral	Friday 18th - Do n't miss the next #creativemornings in Milan with Ale Giorgini . See you in the morning ! HTTPURL
neutral	so louis is with danielle while briana is in her 8th trimester ? right
positive	Not mine lol but cant wait til friday its pay day and this will be the 3rd check from curtis !
neutral	" Anywho , I 'm not really sure what I think of Ant-Man . May need some time to mull it over "
neutral	" I remember Martial being totally impotent against Arsenal in the 2nd UCL game . Yet , he 's the man to take us to nirvana . "
positive	" Our Thor is ready to meet you at the #HaloAndPartners event , today through Friday . 98-124 Brewery Road London N7 9PG "
positive	Kris Bryant 2nd homerun of the game #KBoom ! ! !
negative	" economic activities in Northern Nigeria has gone down by 50 % due to Boko Haram , learn about it .. then learn to stop it HTTPURL "
positive	Tomorrow is Dark Souls or Bloodborne day . Gotta remind myself how practice and hours pay off
positive	@USER it 's why I love tennis . One minute looks like murray is down and out . Next minute anything is possible ! C'mon @USER
positive	Everybody 's talking about Adele ... Guys ! NEW DAVID BOWIE TOMORROW !
neutral	" 5 - at - 10 : Weekend winners and losers , meet the Tide and Tigers , and Frank Gifford 's Rushmore . HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Tony Blair , as you well know , has D noticed many things ... .. our great-grandchildren may or may not find out ... "
neutral	The Islamic calendar is 10 days shorter than the Roman calender and Eid ul adha was on the 3rd of October last year .
neutral	Paul Heyman you Sip form jail till Brock Lesnar attacking The undertaker authority on this Wednesday 22 f 11
neutral	" HTTPURL Top Gear to return in the spring , says Chris Evans HTTPURL #ChrisEvans "
neutral	I may have let you down #MTVSTARS Lady Gaga
negative	Gay bitches get they REMY & act like they been taking dick since the 9th grade
positive	Watching the repeat of Sunday 's Live episode and my god this Loyiso guy can sing . He killed that Sam Smith song .
positive	after J cole & Kendrick Lamar dropped their Black Friday gifts and I was n't paying attention ... I am going to their concerts idc I 'm going
neutral	" Kanye West announces run for president at VMAs , Twitter responds : Sunday evening , Kanye West took the VMA stag ... HTTPURL "
neutral	At least Dustin Johnson did n't hang around til the end to lose this major .. i think he 's hitting his 7th shot on 1st hole . Still not on green
neutral	A twilight anniversary vigil will be held in Martin Place tomorrow to mark one year since the Lindt Cafe Siege . #TenNews
negative	Um Who letting off Fireworks outside .. it aint no where near November and it 's not a Katy Perry music video
neutral	" Ew gross an old man just sat down next to me and said , " " I 'd give anything to get close to Cate Blanchett . " " "
neutral	On tomorrow 's Current : Take the pain out of pedaling with these yoga poses . HTTPURL
negative	Sat here dunking choc biscuits in my tea reading the daily mail .. And tells me about Justin bieber new find ( Xenia deli ) fuck off ! ! #jan1
neutral	" If a book 's tag-line is " " Better Than Twilight " " , the bar is n't set very high , so you may as well say the book is " " Mediocre " " . "
positive	" And if it being Sunday were n't enough to make you happy , Hip Hip Hooray for National Ice Cream Day . Follow us all ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER As long as tomorrow is National Hot Dog day and Saturday is National BBq Day
neutral	I 'm in bed body rolling to frank ocean on a Saturday night . Heard the fellas like women with no lives that 's why I just tweeted this
positive	" David Wright may not hit another HR for 3 weeks , if we 're being totally serious here . But good for him tonight . "
positive	@USER play the multiplayer mode . Then pick up and play the rrmastered Uncharted 1-3 for the PS4 . Release date is October 6 I think .
neutral	Anyone going to Foo Fighters tomorrow
positive	... which ends up with more photographs of Prince George on the front covers of newspapers ! That worked well ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Harry , Liam , and Niall arrived by private jet in Cleveland today . Louis took the tour bus with the band and crew Tuesday night ! 8-27- 15 "
positive	" Man , this @USER team keeps getting better . David Price on the tit tomorrow ! "
positive	Kendrick and Cole drop songs for us on Black Friday ! We talk through it on Show 53 ! Peep ! HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" A girl sat down next to me and asked me what I was listening to and I said " " Nirvana " " and she said " " what 's that " " ... I almost fell over dead "
positive	Lady Gaga accepted Billboard 's Woman of the Year award Friday and spoke out during her speech against sexism in the music industry . & nbsp ;
positive	It 's a good feeling when you 're getting killed but realize you 'll finish today in first place and have David Price pitching tomorrow
neutral	4 the Record : Ryan Braun smacks 252nd career hr - 1 more than Robin Yount ; wild #Brewers Marlins Wed matinee ; the story on #FOX 6 SPORTS 5P
positive	Moto G ( 3rd Gen ) Review : The new Moto G is one of the biggest devices for Motorola ! Our Review of the new Moto ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Pray for Christians everywhere that are being persecuted . We never know when it may be us that is in their shoes .
neutral	" Ryan Braun went 2 - for - 4 with a run scored , two RBIs and his 23rd home run of the season ( 253rd of his #MLB career ) . #Brewers "
neutral	" Paul Dunne shares 3rd - round lead at the Open . ... Wait , who ? ! ? ! HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	Saw Ant-Man on Tuesday . Great film . Much more character driven than the big epic MCU films .
positive	I had an amazing day at The Milton Keynes Bowl seeing the Foo Fighters and Iggy Pop and Royal Blood for the 1st ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Breitbart News Daily : Iran , China , Cyberwarfare : On the December 29 Breitbart News Daily show , on Sirius XM P ... HTTPURL "
neutral	21-14 them with 4:14 to go . Milan scampers for one on 4th down .
neutral	#Law #Legal #SMM Man charged with IRA membership at Saturday evening sitting of Special ... - Irish Independent HTTPURL
positive	@USER Wow ! ! For Katy Perry i 'd assume you would queue earlier . For Bruno Mars we got there an hour before and 2nd row .
neutral	" Wi a live up the higt life , smoke from day till twilight , smoke from night till sun light ... (8 ) #Movado - high like "
positive	Red Sox game at Fenway tonight then checking out this Boston Steelers bar Thursday . It 's like sports Christmas week .
neutral	Gucci multitude number one gall may demonstrate the dyadic thine solipsistic far out accidental so as to aye a ...
neutral	" Here comes the sun and I say , it 's alright ... - George Harrison . HTTPURL "
negative	Remember the Rolling Stone rape hoax ? The false victim was introduced by an Obama White House task force member HTTPURL
negative	" I like Moose but he should stop bitching about the Thor pitch . Fuck Escobar , that 's one way to get him back o stop swinging at the 1st pitch "
neutral	The Early Returns on the Iran Deal - Clifford D . May ; The Washington Times HTTPURL
neutral	Dark Souls Spooky Scary Halloween Party In Chasm of the Abyss Tomorrow ! [ all platforms ] HTTPURL
negative	Do n't want to hear Seth Rollins Speech about how great he is tomorrow bruh .
positive	i can listen to J . Cole 's and Kendrick Lamar 's Black Friday on repeat all day .
neutral	" Since someone offered , it looks like I 'm going to Foo Fighters at Wrigley tomorrow ! "
neutral	" @USER , will u Exchange Samsung S Duo 's with Moto G ( 3rd Gen ) . "
positive	" Our 7th and 8th graders had a blast at the " " Sharknado " " Back-to-School dance last night ! ! "
neutral	" @USER " " Ahri ... I can't guarantee you that we 'll see stars coz the sun is literally always setting here in Twilight Town . " " - - "
neutral	So John Kasich is the 3rd @USER host to bid for 2016 GOP nom for president ? Or am I missing someone ?
neutral	" This monstrous David Bowie " " Five Years " " 10xLP boxset is part of our 20 % off Black Friday & Boxset sale going on ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Rousey was right . You know you 'll get beat , you just want the $ HTTPURL "
positive	Kendrick leads all with 11 #Grammy nominations . Do n't miss out on February 16th ! HTTPURL
negative	" BJP accuses Rahul Gandhi of double standards : Under attack over the issue of intolerance , BJP on Monday hit ba ... HTTPURL "
positive	Celebrity Big Brother #UKvsUSA is coming Tomorrow at 9pm ONLY on @USER . Do not miss it
negative	Caitlyn Jenner may be responsible for the death of Jon Benet Ramsey ( and someone else ) HTTPURL via @USER #LGBT
negative	If Tony Blair pipes up tomorrow someone shoot him . Actually maybe he should and that will turn the vote !
neutral	Chance to win Zac Brown Band tix today . We 're singing & you may have to manage some light Spanish to win . Keep listening .
negative	" Why does Big Brother still exist ? Well , it 's on Channel 5 , which some may consider a fate worse than cancellation . "
positive	" From my 2nd family , Katherine M . , a student in NYC , got an internship with Amy Schumer ... now that 's cool . "
positive	what Kendrick dropped on Black Friday does more for the culture than the Dirty Sprite and 6 God crowd could even fathom .
neutral	U2 Where the streets have no name iNNOCENCE + eXPERIENCE tour Ziggo dome Amsterdam 8 September 2015 : HTTPURL via
positive	I know yall listened to Kendrick x Black Friday . So tell me with a straight face J Cole just as good @USER @USER @USER
positive	I have 2 tickets for Zac Brown Band this Saturday . Great seats just can't make it anymore . Gonna sell for less than what I paid . 6095139561
positive	Still listenin to Kendrick 's Black Friday ... idk if a joint project with him is a good idea for anybody lol ... on another level ...
positive	gonna listen to Foo Fighters and get acquainted with most of their songs besides the mainstream then I'ma move onto Royal Blood for Monday
positive	" Well , Twilight is out of the wash . In her original colours no longer dampened by dirt . Days of sun-drying ahead . "
positive	Niall has the sun glasses that I wANT WTF I want tHoSEEE ! ! ! @USER gift them to me maaaaannnn HTTPURL
positive	Seattle 's best Iron Maiden tribute band Maiden Seattle plays the Blue Moon on August 8th with Schudge and ... HTTPURL
positive	We hope you are enjoying Pixels . Ant-Man will start this Friday . Armed with a super-suit with the astonishing ... HTTPURL
negative	#bbcsp Those in favour of bombing ISIL should remember the massive boost to IRA recruitment that Bloody Sunday did ..
positive	Gucci plurality preconscious privately december train the twin yours guy good understanding widening against p ...
neutral	" If you stare directly at the sun , it merely burns your retinas . If you stare directly at Chuck Norris , you die . "
positive	So excited for new Thor on wednesday . I just finished @USER ' s last run and it 's been so wonderful .
positive	" It 's may sound an odd choice , but if I could bring back one musician for one concert , it would be George Harrison . "
neutral	" They should have used wolf link for the rerelease of twilight princess . Or Isaac from golden sun , or another Nintendo game , not FE again "
negative	" What a shower of a club Real Madrid is.Unsettle DDG , try to get him on the cheap at the 11th hour then fuck up the admin . "
neutral	" Yankees fall to Red Sox , fail to gain ground on Blue Jays : The scoreboard on the Green Monster showed a rare sight Monday night : a Bl ... "
neutral	I met a kid like that a day ago and hearing his opinion on gay marriage made me cringe also the fact that he lost his v card in 6th grade
neutral	Rinaldi asked Paul Dunne anything to get his mind turning before the finale tomorrow . At least he did n't ask him about shanking ? ? @USER
neutral	" I think we all might have to accept that there may never be another Frank Ocean album . I 'm not going to accept it , but we all might have to "
positive	" All our lives , we had fun We had seasons in the sun But the world that we reached Nirvana - Seasons In The Sun Good Morning ! ! "
neutral	Scott Walker & team Ringleader are in 1st place in overall points & for most releases in the MidAtlantic Tournament ! HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER may be Rahul Gandhi was going thru " " those days " " "
positive	@USER I think I may have to make Kris Bryant my Best Man now .
neutral	Gucci raft coconscious the occult march uncover the biform your solitary modish development up authority arden ...
neutral	@USER and then the j cole and Kendrick album is coming out in February
positive	Happy Sunday ! Back at the River Center for Miss USA ! It 's going to be an interesting night . Who is watching the big show ?
negative	" It 's simple , we want to be like Israel , a white Israel . If that 's a bad thing , so is current Israel . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Happy Tuesday ... this is late , but I 'm sure I 'm not the only one who things that the Rousey fight was stopped prematurely . You ? "
neutral	@USER countless Muslims fans loved you but you can hate me because I am a Muslim ! May the Cristian God have mercy on you .
neutral	" Behind the curve , the closed world of haute couture calls in the geeks : A model at Milan fashion week in March ... HTTPURL "
neutral	You can read the brand new online edition of India Legal right here : HTTPURL Also Rahul Gandhi view HTTPURL
positive	@USER Hope the forecast clears up for Sat . Heading up there to see Foo Fighters at Wrigley .
positive	Paper Towns is even better the 3rd time
positive	" Rousey may not have the money that Floyd has , but people respect her way more . HTTPURL "
positive	Starting Sunday w / yoga is a great start to day . Need that class @USER . #namaste
negative	" Lmao , I swear I could n't stomach Naruto anymore when they came out with Shippuden . I had to peace out . HTTPURL "
negative	Pretty stupid when you lie to the media : they may never believe you again . Sam Smith could have found a different answer !
positive	Friday Mubarak to all Muslims all over the World .
positive	Hey @USER - I 've been an avid challenge fan since Wednesday bc of my internet pal @USER . Is Briana the worst at everything ?
neutral	I 'm having 50/50 thoughts about Twilight : Life and Death . It 'd be so much better if Stephenie continued Midnight Sun .
neutral	Kids Yoga 4-9 starts Sunday sept 13th at 10am . Breath work will be part of the curriculum discover how Yoga can ... HTTPURL
neutral	" This Thursday , Randy Orton speaks out about being SWA 's first ever Heavyweight Champion . What does he have to say ? HTTPURL "
positive	I 'm honored you thinks so Shawn . Blessings to all for a brilliant day ! HTTPURL
neutral	I wonder what celebrity I 'd get for motivation ... you may hug a shirtless David Wright if you do this #EWL #extremeweightloss
neutral	" Kris Bryant #Cubs , Player of the Game SA vs . #SFGiants ( HR 1-3 2R 3BI ) , rises to 6th among NL batters in Box-Toppers pts for ' 15 ( 7.5 ) . "
neutral	@USER I know ! ! I do n't work til Friday so we should probably do something if Dunkin is n't holding you prisoner
positive	" Beat Demon Souls . If there is a black friday sale I will pick up dark souls 2 , otherwise might just get Dark Souls 1 "
positive	Ed Sheeran and The Weeknd may be the best duo yet .. #DarkTimes
positive	" tomorrow is my otra date and national hot dog day , can't decide which I 'm more excited for "
neutral	@USER reveals Super Eagles will take on the Mena of Niger in an international friendly match in PH on Tuesday September 8th .
positive	Just sinking in that I go to see the Foo Fighters on Sunday . I 'm actually going to see Dave Grohl perform . Insane .
neutral	Audience should invade San Siro if the scoreline is n't 3-0 to Milan by the 20th minute .
positive	Captain Dubs ! David Wright gives the Mets back the lead with an RBI single to make it 6-5 Mets in the 7th inning
positive	@USER @USER i 'm working to make masked lumen and in March i 'll go to cartoomics in milan with a big italian group for bayo
neutral	Niall posted a pic of his hairy leg in the sun and im like wtf the fuck why so I scrolled and there was Zayn 's beautiful face thank u
neutral	" Marseille President Vincent Labrune met with Erik Lamela 's agent on Saturday in Milan , also deals with Ocampos HTTPURL "
negative	Caitlyn Jenner may be serving jail time ? What 's the bad news ?
neutral	" That may be true , Mr . Kirigiri , but can any of your students do THIS ? [ strikes a pose before bustin ' a move to the Bee Gees ] "
positive	July 23 is National Hot Dog Day . Here is where you can get a Free Hot Dog Today : HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	Sunday is National Ice Cream Day . BUT ... we think it 's fine to celebrate early . HTTPURL
positive	Floyd Mayweather puts undefeated record on the line with announcement of final fight HTTPURL
neutral	Star Sightings August 2015 : GRAMMY winner Sam Smith got a kick out of posing with his wax figure at Madame Tussauds on August 10 in S ...
positive	" Frank Gifford , Dan Dierdorf and Al Michaels formed one the greatest Monday Night Football ( #MNF ) broadcasting teams . "
positive	@USER Well worth looking into Chris ; think you may like their stuff . ( Paul McCartney was a big fan btw . )
positive	July 4 is the true National Hot Dog Day but that wo n't stop me from celebrating today .
neutral	" And this just in . According to right wing-nut , IRA , 2nd amendment , evangelical , climate denying , do nothing , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Summer may be going , but Dunkin 's pumpkin is coming ! #DDpumpkin #Sweepstakes "
neutral	" Store offers Watchman refund . Interesting if you 1st refresh on #TKAM , otherwise not much but read many worse ! #GSAW HTTPURL "
negative	Amy Schumer is on Sky Atlantic doing one of the worst stand up sets I have ever seen . And I 've almost sat through 30 seconds of Millican .
negative	@USER LMAO Nicki can never fuck with Kim . Kim 's Black Friday diss record lyrically slaughtered Nicki . What are u talkin bout ? ? ?
positive	" So I may be a little to old to be playing this Kim Kardashian game , but it is fun ! @USER "
neutral	" MAN . I remember we went to see it on a Wednesday , during a thunderstorm . Storming on Odin 's day when we went to see Thor . "
neutral	" @USER @USER 1 . Agree , that dude is fast . 2 . Wat . 3 . Friday 's . 4 . Should 've sold Kane when he was worth anything "
neutral	" next Saturday night in San Diego , No 5 Mountain Pointe 1-0 plays the Bakersfield Drillers who ` s most recognized alum was HOF Frank Gifford "
neutral	Some balance on Watchman from Hadley Freeman in the guardian - HTTPURL
neutral	My reaction when I found out Dean Ambrose was going to be on twitter and doing a Q & A tomorrow ! ! #LunaticFringe HTTPURL
positive	This time tomorrow I 'll be waiting for the Foo Fighters to grace the stage with @USER #foofighters #RoyalBlood
neutral	Dustin Jonshon doing Dustin Johnson things on the back 9 . Time for Spieth to go fetch him the 3rd leg of the Grand Slam . #BestInTheWorld
neutral	Sept 1 : PS4 game consoles may experience issues accessing certain network services . IT is aware of the issue and is actively working on it .
neutral	Currently finishing up a brief musical history of the Bond films . Sam Smith 's Writing 's On The Wall just became the 24th Bond Song !
neutral	I think it 's nice Shawn is trying . As annoying as it may be
positive	@USER I finally saw Ant-Man on Tuesday it was so good & entertaining also I enjoyed the Spider-Man reference
neutral	" Bleach is strangely in the top 10 for most faved anime above both Naruto series by a fair bit , but the manga is 3rd , 10k behind Naruto at # 1 "
negative	The worst part about #hhn25 being over may actually be that tonight was the last time I 'll see Thor and Captain America 's abs . #billandted
neutral	Not sure if it 's the 3rd day of Eid or a regular normal Sunday .
positive	" @USER @USER the 1st one is ok , rise of the silver surfer was terrible , but Chris Evans was hilarious & great in both . "
positive	" do you remember when Niall sang " " Beautiful Girls " " in his 21st birthday , good times can he just sing that again like can he just do it please "
neutral	so it 's mid august and still no sign of frank ocean 's album
neutral	" @USER Ah shit .. that 's the one where I lay in my tent on Sunday night saying " " Nirvana ? They 'll be back some time soon . " " "
positive	Paul Dunne going for the first amateur since Bobby Jones to win The Open and POD going for his 3rd open ! #InPodWeTrust #GetHerDunne
neutral	" Did Thordis just say that Prince George " " may be " " king one day ? Bit threatening ... "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER I may be showing the original Sharknado if you guys have n't seen it yet .
positive	I want to trade an Ant-Man fig for this Yellowjacket . All from @USER June box . Tweet if interested HTTPURL
neutral	David Wright played 7 innings at 3B on Saturday night for St . Lucie . 0 - for - 3 with a walk and strikeout .
neutral	American Dustin Johnson leads the PGA Championship after the 1st round at Whistling Straits on 6 under par .
positive	i remember getting super excited to watch naruto on cartoon network when i was like in the 4th grade
negative	" @USER do you know if Iran has any plans to hang any Gays tomorrow , Christmas Day ? #Presstv "
neutral	@USER It may be old news for you . Just watched your series of Big Brother on YouTube . Gutted you never won . Xx
positive	@USER Sunday is going to be a good day for you . It 's National Ice Cream Day !
neutral	" Hanley Ramirez was out of the lineup again on Monday , a break for the Red Sox given the series of injuries that ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON : Come for the great first act , stay for Ice Cube writing FRIDAY on his laptop saying " " I 'm killing this screenplay ! " " "
neutral	Staver said the group believes the first marriage licenses issued to gay couples on Friday are void and not ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Chris Tucker and Ice Cube need to make another Friday
positive	HBO announced they received a pair of specials from Bono and U2 that will air in a Documentary in November . Will you watch the U2 Special ?
positive	" David Wright gets loud welcome before 1st plate appearance at Citi Field since 4/14 . Bats with 1 aboard . #Mets 0 , #RedSox 0 , bot 1 , 2 outs "
positive	July 31 2015 The man that carried Hulk Hogan to be a star . Piper was the best talker in the business HTTPURL
positive	But besides that . Tune in this Friday ! I 'll be on #thefix ! ! ! With Curtis drugs and Rei . Do n't want to miss this cause ... It 's me .
positive	@USER @USER Just relax Thor the area is so nice and quiet . I may meditate for a bit .
positive	Travis Shaw had a huge two run HR in the top of the 8th inning last night . Redsox won 3-0 over the White Sox . #RedSox HTTPURL
positive	Rest in peace Frank gifford ! my thoughts and prayers go out to @USER and her family ! may god be with them thero this hard time !
positive	Loving Friday with Jason Aldean on Today ! #JasonAldeanTODAY
neutral	GOP hopeful Kasich files for 1st - in-the-South primary : Ohio Gov . John Kasich on Monday landed the endo ... HTTPURL #HINews
neutral	" This may get LESS attention than Rousey v . Mayweather - - but 2 of 3 sets - lines the same , McEnroe v . Serena ... who wins ? @USER "
positive	Did you know that Sunday is National Ice Cream Day ? Make sure to grab a scoop to celebrate ! #NationalIceCreamDay HTTPURL
neutral	" Brock Lesnar is surprised by the return of The Undertaker : Raw , Feb . 24 , ... HTTPURL via @USER "
neutral	You bought it ! I did n't leave The Daily Show ! This was all to fool you sheep & screw John Cena ! - Jon Stewart on RAW tomorrow #SummerSlam
positive	" listen to david bowie ! hes my savior . like honestly he will change ur life 4ever . I listened 2 him 1st in 2nd grade , & ive nvr been the same "
negative	The graves are full with people who thought they would practise islam when older not even everyone is promised tomorrow #Realtalk
neutral	The Vamps are on TFI Friday and look about 14 years old ...
positive	The sun starting coming out from underneath the clouds and beautiful day by U2 started playing on the radio . Sometimes life just cooperates
positive	Happy birthday @USER may your day be filled with ketchup and Niall horan HTTPURL
positive	May Allah guide us all to the straight and balanced path and put the love of Islam into our hearts . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER . Guys who do u think will be the entrance revealed monday ? I think monday Wil be randy Orton
positive	" . @USER Thank you for the mention , Thor . Happy Monday ! "
neutral	Monday nights will never be the same #RIP #MondayNightProject @USER feel like U2 with or without should closexout the night
positive	tomorrow is David Price day again ! ! !
neutral	@USER @USER @USER Only time will tell . Have n't got the 5.1 fr my Moto G 2nd ed yet
neutral	Is Paul McCartney really hidden inside a birthday cake in the 4th episode of the new season of the Netflix animated series BoJack Horseman ?
negative	" Anyone who thinks Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett are a weird pairing , may I remind you of David Bowie and Bing Crosby ? "
positive	There is a 7ish year old girl at the walk in clinic and she just sang Roar by Katy Perry start to finish and my hormones may lead me to
neutral	Hopefully the weeknd does n't pull a frank ocean and drops his album on time ! August 28th !
positive	" Wow , the Red Sox pitcher is the definition of " " On Tilt " " here in the 10th . Crazy how that balk happened . "
negative	" With the way Boko Haram is going and PMB ' s response , we may have more casualties by the end of his tenure . "
neutral	When is baby Tommo gonna hatch ! ! ! Is n't it April ? ! I want more pictures of Briana and Louis ! !
neutral	Getting ready for CHA 2015 Reunion September 26 on campus in Murray . It 's also Family Weekend with a football ... HTTPURL
neutral	Seth Rollins may have the biggest ego in the @USER ! #RAW #WWE
neutral	" In UT , yesterday , far more people showed up in support of abortion than Christians did with the gospel back on Sat . HTTPURL "
positive	I 'm pleased with my lord and Islam is my deen may we die by these words allahuma amen
neutral	Kane 's confidence is sky high .. Odds on Kaboul to have the game the game of his life Sunday and him to be lost in his pocket ?
positive	ONE LAST TIME HAPPY 22ND BIRTHDAY LIAM ANd Goodnight Shawn all the love
positive	@USER This is my 3rd or 4th time sending this out to the twitterverse . First Jays player to respond ? David Price . Pretty cool .
neutral	" exception Dustin Johnson at the British Open @USER : 36 - hole position of last 8 major winners 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st T1 T4 #PGAChamp " " "
neutral	" Especially for our Scott Walker supporters , here 's 15 % off the #Walker16 store through Monday . HTTPURL "
neutral	" when I was 7 , the only thing looked forward to was Saturday Nights so I could watch Naruto on Toonami "
positive	" Jessica is bringing me Dunkin tomorrow , who 's the real MVP ? "
negative	Why do you spread lies ? Zayn still has his IG HTTPURL
neutral	Hopefully I can steal a little more from the bookies tomorrow . - Paul Dunne
neutral	" @USER Hi , I 'm with Ira of Globe . Our apologies . May I know if this is for DSL ? "
neutral	" The Randy Orton vs Seth Rollins match being nothing special , even before the cash-in attempt / DQ HTTPURL #RAW "
neutral	Aaron Sanchez replaces David Price on the mound in the bottom of the 7th inning .
positive	About last night : Kris Bryant wins a wild one with walk-off home run in the 9th . #Cubs photos : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci gob ego ideal mystery may bare the two-sided your nose way composition against well-inclined kindled : R ...
positive	" Do n't look now , but John Kasich may mess around and get in this debate at the last minute . And win New Hampshire . "
positive	8 yrs since Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows came out and Prince George 's 2nd Birthday is today #HarryPotter #HappyBirthdayPrinceGeorge
neutral	" By Iain Rogers MADRID , Sept 5 ( Reuters ) - Real Madrid fans watching Gareth Bale driving Wales almost single-handedly to the brink of their "
negative	13 fucking mins I 've just sat and watch Kanye west exception speech from the vma 's . it made no sense what so ever
positive	Great to see Paul Dunne & Padraig Harrington in with a chance to win the 2015 British Open at St.Andrews on Monday .
positive	" @USER nah bruh , sasuke is my 6th favorite character , it seems i hate him when i compare him to naruto , cause i love naruto way more lmao "
positive	" john cena vs seth rollins on monday night raw for US champion , team cena all the wayyy "
positive	" Watching The Pogues 's " " Fairytale of NY " " for the 9th time today and is it just me or does Kirsty MacColl look kinda like Amy Schumer ? "
negative	The Nigerian government has n't been transparent enough in the fight against Boko Haram #Truth HTTPURL
neutral	" #Obergefell , Marriage Equality and Islam in the West HTTPURL #IslaminAmerica #marriageequality "
positive	Ooohh Yeah I just remembered ... I'M GOING TO RAW TOMORROW ! ! ! UNDERTAKER AND BROCK LESNAR ! ! ! #RAWMinneapolis
neutral	" David Wright / Wright is out of the lineup Saturday but will return Sunday , : Wright is out of the lineup ... HTTPURL #MLB "
negative	" #Soccer Real Madrid did n't make a patented galactico signing , but the may have nearly lost their No . 1 galacti ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Watching Paul Dunne at British Open tomorrow will be mental game case study-see if he sticks to routines , breathing , demeanor , gonna be good "
negative	" it 's September 1st , I 've lost all hoped relating to frank ocean , now I must rescue him bc he 's been abducted by the government "
positive	Won king of the ring 2nd place and I got Randy Orton card . HTTPURL
positive	" 4rm Houston SuJu 's the reason i like kpop bc its wat got my sister into kpop & then me , so this is for my sis HTTPURL "
negative	" Hearing Kendrick on " " Black Friday " " def made me miss the GKMC Kendrick again . "
negative	I fear the Internet may end the day Frank Ocean finally up & releases this album
neutral	I might have forgotten that I 'm going to see Foo Fighters on Monday
neutral	Ready for the Jason Aldean concert tomorrow tho
neutral	The Rollins vs Randy Orton match not being overly impressive as it was and them peaking at the Wrestlemania RKO HTTPURL #RAW
neutral	" Now the Economist is taking a crack at it ... Dana White : " " Women will never fight in the UFC " " :) #mma #ufc HTTPURL "
neutral	David Price was pitching against #Bluejays that day . HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Not blaming Muslims or migrants for every problem under the sun does n't mean not liking white ppl , does it ? "
neutral	Kind of a throwback to Eid when the sun and I guess wind was in our faces HTTPURL
positive	@USER I need my baseball fix somehow ;) I saw the Cubbies win their game earlier today ( Kris Bryant walkoff HR in the 10th ) ... :)
positive	" Time to start Monday Night #RAW with a typical ( generic ) opening promo from Seth Rollins , such greatness . "
neutral	@USER .. The way they went about defending gave me impression malini barkha wanted to be 2nd 3 rd wife of yakub on release .
negative	" @USER @USER @USER Gay marriage is wrong yes , but the only way to a Supreme Court dec is and amendment ? No other way "
negative	" Frank Gifford always lived in someone 's shadow , whether it was Howard Cosell 's on " " Monday Night Football " " or Kathie Lee 's in married life . "
neutral	It 's not just for the Kim Kardashian 's of the world ! We have twins coming tomorrow that will be getting their ... HTTPURL
positive	Twilight - Sauble Beach has just become my 13th picture to record 300 views . HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER House of Saud destroying Iran 's petro economy before they can get the 1st tanker filled
neutral	What a joke of a scorecard by Dustin Johnson . - 4 today with a quadruple bogey 8 on the par 4 1st . 2 eagles on the back 9 . #PGAChampionship
neutral	" Sonia Gandhi , Rahul Gandhi will have to appear before it on Dec 19 to face allegations of financial irregularitie #Rahulgandhi #SoniaGandhi "
neutral	Everyone turning into Kanye West fans just for today and then going to forget about him tomorrow smh
positive	" Had no plans of seeing Paper Towns , but love @USER . May look into it . "
neutral	Jack-Groves is likely being rescheduled for September 12th on Floyd Mayweather 's undercard at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas . @USER
positive	@USER Hi what ganne do to roman this monday you have to kick his ass like sting I 'm your fans from saudi arabia HTTPURL
positive	" Twilight Zone Tuesday ! For Real ! I just got back from Work , which kinda Sucked . "
positive	" Carly Fiorina , considered the breakout star of the early debate Thursday , spent most of her business career with AT & T . @USER . com "
negative	But Tom Brady was going to miss 4 games because of deflated footballs ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER It may have been a one time thing as Paul McCartney played the hockey arena & Wrestlemania was in the football arena .
negative	" Charles Hamilton " " Black box " " is on Friday only if he was focused he would have been up there with cole and Kendrick "
positive	" Do n't miss the Town Hall with presidential candidate John Kasich on July 31st , for Click for details HTTPURL #Kasich4America "
positive	Dustin Johnson has the #OpenChampionship field right where he wants them heading into tomorrow 's final round : In front of him .
neutral	Ryan Braun hit his 252nd career HR today & moved into 1st place on the #Brewers franchise HR list . He passed Hall of Famer Robin Yount . #MLB
neutral	I'M SO SERIOUS . January is 5 months away so I thought everyone was talking about Zayn 's birthday . HTTPURL
positive	@USER i 'm going to try to wake up for Yoga on the Beach tomorrow ^ ^ It 's later on Sundays so I might actually make it ...
positive	Frightening tales in the dark dried off in the sun in the style of David Bowie . I am now filthy rich .
neutral	@USER Thor was all night away .. He sat then on the balcony .. and just was still .
negative	We should start bulldozing all the mosques in the US and Europe until Islam changes it 's behavior . HTTPURL
positive	" May the 4th ? Nah , today is Star Wars DAY ! HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	Hanging of Yakub proves that @USER may be a hero in reel life but in real life he is best to be ignored #YakubVerdict
neutral	Who else is going to the @USER vs Red Sox game at Fenway Park on Labour Day Monday ?
positive	Sad Frank Gifford dies today at 84 ( turn out the lights the partys over ) If you remember that its from Monday ... HTTPURL
negative	Well with Zayn joining ISIS it is hard to maintain their family friendly image . HTTPURL
neutral	Someone should suggest she READ some of Kendrick 's LYRICS . It may be the 1st socially conscious experience she 's EVER had #KathieLee
neutral	" #NW #PGAChamp wrap , it 'll be golf 's best feel-good story if Dustin Johnson earns redemption & wins 1st major after all his past heartbreak "
positive	" Learn about Eid @USER celebration 's tomorrow . Cakes , Malaysian cookies & treats ! All Warwick PG 's welcome ! HTTPURL "
positive	" Oops , Star Wars Day is tomorrow @USER North Branch , but you can read about it in today 's @USER HTTPURL "
negative	I 've already DESTROYED your revision of what Tony Blair said & provided a link . Tell me more about your expertise HTTPURL
neutral	i 've got a feeling that when i go into school tomorrow more people are gonna know about shawn and most likely will act like his
neutral	And the race between Arvind Kejriwal and Rahul Gandhi to be the leading Indian standup comic just heated up HTTPURL
positive	" Teresa May , Boris Johnson or George Osborne any of whom wld make great PM , the sooner the better It wld be nice to have Teresa at the helm . "
neutral	I 'm not just saying this as a larrie but there is no way that briana is having louis ' baby . she may be pregnant but the baby is n't louis .
negative	" @USER Exactly . No difference between the koran #ISIS uses , or the #koran the " " peaceful " " Muslims we may think we know , at work / school ... "
positive	@USER @USER Suso was the correct decision . He went to Milan who finished 10th & got 4 games . Hardly pulling up trees .
positive	Heather & Steve : We 're WAKING UP YOUR WORKDAY tomorrow with Dunkin ' Donuts ! Tell us where you 'll be between 10a & ... HTTPURL
neutral	True . True . Very true . FALSE . Go out and get some attacking help before you run Kane into the ground . #COYS HTTPURL
positive	Ctfuuu cus he bout it do yourself a favor and listen to black Friday by Kendrick and Cole Kendrick snapped fym HTTPURL
positive	" this message is for all my dear female friends , YOU ALL LOOKED PRETTY AS HELL ON EID . may you all remain pretty ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Hindsight says #Gibby shouldve never let David Price see the 8th , but you gotta see what you got , , #BlueJays "
neutral	" @USER " " I 'm Ellen Snider and I once survived a 3rd degree hand burn trying to make smores dip & watch Miss USA when I was 20 . " " "
neutral	anyone tryna go see Zac Brown Band with me Oct 16
neutral	Stephen Keshi : ' We will make Nigeria proud ' Super Eagles coach says : Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh insists ... HTTPURL
neutral	Commodities tomorrow : Low oil prices hits Saudi Arabia hard : CNBC 's Jackie DeAngelis discusses the day 's activ ... HTTPURL
neutral	" ... Private Suite for Four Chicago White Sox with Jeff Samardjzia autograph baseball ( Sept 13 , 2015 vs Minnesota Twins ) ... "
neutral	First Day of School Tomorrow ! Oh yeah it 's also GAME WEEK ... position meetings / walk-thrus from 7:45- 8: 15am . Time to get Gucci with it .
neutral	" @USER he may never play for Real Madrid , if they really wanted him then why only bid so late ? more to this than they let on @USER "
neutral	" #NXTTakeOver hes 50 but so is n't the undertaker whom is facing Brock Lesnar tomorrow night , not Tyler the baby face Breeze "
neutral	" c'mon guys , I want to see more insanity . Ask them to take a position on Hulk Hogan or something . "
neutral	Sat chatting about todays sport when theres a knock on the door . Wolf hopes its Chuck Norris . Its not . Its Richard Blackwood . Jesus Christ .
positive	Aim Nation the clan is growing fast ! 87 members since launch last Saturday . Plenty of room for more members on PS4 and XB1 .
neutral	Jenna is gonna meet shawn tomorrow ... And she 's getting me a video JDKKFLF
positive	#KeepCalm Are you ready for the Zac Brown Band this Sunday night at SPAC ? HTTPURL
positive	In honor of Star Wars Day ! Who else is going to the movies this fine Thursday ? HTTPURL
negative	" @USER " " He killed more people on Midgard then me , why is n't he in a cell too " " He sat on his bed , looking up at Thor with rised ~ "
neutral	" It was built to lure another team . I think the Mariners , Giants and White Sox were the three that came closest . HTTPURL "
negative	@USER gonna be really sad if I wake up tomorrow morning and Justin Bieber is not under the tree
neutral	catch me on the news tomorrow : girl cries herself to death at ed sheeran concert
neutral	" You March to Aso rock and Super Eagles play football match in Abuja stadium get it right people , if you play with matches you get burnt "
neutral	can't remember & last Friday night are like the same song . I think Calum 's Katy perry obsession is getting out of hand HTTPURL
neutral	wut do u guys want from dunkin tomorrow @USER @USER
neutral	I do n't know a lot of birthdays but one I have memorized is Naruto Uzumaki 's . October 10th . I told my roomie and she just started laughing
positive	@USER Now we want Dunkin ' Donuts for breakfast . We may just have to get those tomorrow morning . Thanks for the ( unintentional ) suggestion !
neutral	New photo of Prince William and Prince George on Princess Charlotte 's July 8th christening day relea HTTPURL
neutral	Do n't know if to get the Moto G ( 3rd Gen ) or GS4 Mini . :/
neutral	U2 - Bloody Sunday @USER you will kill me for all these tweets ;) HTTPURL
neutral	in February the movie ' zoo lander ' is coming out and justin bieber is in it
neutral	Whos going to shawn concert on October 16 in columbia sc bc we should totes meet
positive	" National Hot Dog Day Thursday : Kangaroo Express will offer free hot dog to customers with a military ID from 4-8 p , $ . 50 for everyon else . "
neutral	@USER awesome . May the latter belief make you question why Islam is so targeted and guide you to the right religion at some point
neutral	" Today in Beatles History ( April 24 , 1969 ): Paul McCartney announces there is no truth to the rumors that he is dead . "
neutral	may or may not have gotten my mom into the John Cena meme
neutral	2103 : ' We do n't need governments to make peace ' : Israel gets unofficial Iranian ... - The Guardian ( blog ) HTTPURL
neutral	Meet the fighter who believes she may be ready for Rousey ( Yahoo Sports ) HTTPURL
positive	wait for the island show tomorrow is Shawn gonna be doing his full set or just some songs
neutral	" Ronda Rousey : UFC 157 : Rousey vs . Carmouche : The UFC will make history on Saturday , February 23rd . Undefeated superst HTTPURL "
positive	" may just have had the sweetest dates ever ( wish i was talking about guys , but no ) Eid treats are the best . "
neutral	If you are n't going to Jason Aldean tomorrow what are you even doing with your life ?
positive	- - Thor helped Jane to get out of the ship . Their plan may begin . ] [ @USER ]
positive	@USER @USER Murray I think today you gotta take an L and come back stronger tomorrow
positive	Spreading the word about our newest twilight market at the 4th Ave Street Fair ! HTTPURL
positive	" Go Set a Watchman ( the sequel to " " To Kill a Mockingbird " " ) hits the bookshelves tomorrow ! ! ! #hype #turnt "
neutral	" The guy at dunkin just said " " see you tomorrow " " because he knows that I 'm there every day "
negative	@USER Sadly for him ( & probably the Party ) the Mili-brand has been seriously devalued . Even Big Brother 's return may not ' relaunch ' it
negative	" @USER stop avoiding the question ! 4th time ; Do you believe in Thor , Zeus , Apollo , Ra , Allah ? "
positive	We 're looking forward to hearing the result together - 12.30 pm Friday at Thor 's Tipi on Parliament St - find out with us !
neutral	" You may not be allowed to speak to Justin Bieber , unless you 're spoken to what is this joke HTTPURL "
positive	@USER may she have a long and healthy twilight .
positive	Monday is my favorite day of the week because you can get any size iced coffee for $ 1 at Dunkin
neutral	Scene in Straight Outta Compton of Ice Cube writing the script for Friday hilariously exemplifies how scattered the film 's second half is .
neutral	Sorry for the Big Brother spam y'all ! It 's a Thursday thing !
neutral	David Wright is a beast and Harper needs to come to Philly we will stay till the 9th if you play for us . @USER
neutral	I 'm gonna watch Nicki 's opening tonight then watch the rest tomorrow
neutral	@USER I use to have about 50 band shirts I may still have them in a box somewhere Nirvana b182 Mcr GD XD I want to find them now
neutral	I really hope April 's robotic hand can turn into a saw for the eventual Sharknado in Orlando #Sharknado3
negative	True religion ? I give fk to any and Islam comes 1st in the q @USER
neutral	My uncle agreed to buying me Shawn merch at hot topic & he wanted to see who he was 1st so he looked him up & now he 's making fun of him
neutral	@USER I 'm not going to own something that 's not true . Some Muslims may be criminals but that does n't mean Islam is evil .
neutral	" Rory McIlroy remains world no . 1 in the latest rankings while Rickie Fowler moved above Jim Furyk , Dustin Johnson & Justin Rose into 5th spot "
neutral	" sting on monday night raw : would you like some pepper with your salt , seth rollins ? "
negative	" Carly Fiorina , forced out by the HP board on February 9th 2005 . " " Weakest link style of management " " - David W . Packard HTTPURL "
positive	Star Wars Day 5/12 @USER via @USER May the force be with you ! #StarWars #LDCAtlanta
negative	" . @USER Oh , ' conservative ' @USER even ripped Frank Gifford over Vietnam after he died , she may be more than just an asshole "
neutral	#Boxing : Movie-man Mayweather lashes critics : Floyd Mayweather said Wednesday that he is more likely to end up ... HTTPURL
negative	" This may be an unpopular opinion , but I think that ever since the Grammy 's snubbed Kendrick the first time , they just throwing awards at him "
neutral	" Planned Parenthood Subject of Nationwide Protest on Saturday / / If Christians should ever protest , now is the time . HTTPURL "
positive	I 'm going home tomorrow and I better have power at my house by 8p m so I can watch Big Brother
neutral	Dustin Johnson hits off the 16th tee during the second round of the World Golf Championships - Bridgestone ... HTTPURL
positive	Well did n't plan on going to jason aldean thursday but here i am buying my ticket to go go jason aldean on thursday
neutral	" ABUJA , Aug 30 ( Reuters ) - Nigeria 's security agency said on Sunday it had made significant breakthroughs in the fight against Boko Haram "
negative	@USER @USER Oh no if we violate the Iran deal with visas they may give back our $ 150B and ask that sanctions be reinstated .
positive	Just got done watching wwe Monday night raw I 'm glad Seth rollins stayed the champion Randy Orton came close of being the champion
neutral	Does anybody else think @USER when they see the son of Chris Evans on TFI Friday . Sorry mate
neutral	#KCA #VoteJKT48ID BlueJays : . BlueJays and Red Sox remain tied through 3 innings . On to the 4th . HTTPURL
neutral	That moment when you figure out Tia Long who played with Ice Cube in Are we there yet ? Also played in Friday with Ice Cube #funfact
positive	There are few things as humbling as being present whilst hundreds of Muslims pray at the mosque on a Friday . Have a blessed jumu'ah .
positive	Cracking header by Adriano gives Milan the lead halfway through 2nd half #MilanEmpoli
positive	" TBH I like Kim Kardashian . She may not be the / best / , but I have a lot of respect for her "
negative	" Kanye west cracks me up , I just sat here and listened to his 20 minute speech and I still do n't understand #Kanye2020 "
negative	I can already see articles talking about this and how he should be w / Briana or some shit the Sun will bust a nut HTTPURL
neutral	Donald Trump defends Kanye West from his haters : As soon as Kanye West announced he 'd run for President on Sun ... HTTPURL
neutral	" When Ice Cube dropped the Friday reference , straight gold "
negative	Tom Brady probably cheated his way to winning the 8th grade science fair smh
neutral	Well coming up next it 's are main event Neville an cesoro vs Kevin Owens an Seth Rollins next on Thursday night #Smackdown
neutral	McGregor promised Dana White he 'd knock Aldo out in 1st round . Highly doubt it but he 'll throw everything at proving himself right
positive	" 1st day training Taylor Swift for her MV " " Bad Blood " " . She was a sweetheart and picked up quick ! HTTPURL "
neutral	" Iran oil exports may rise by 500,000 barrels per day in year after sanctions : IEA : ET SPECIAL : Love visual aspe ... HTTPURL "
positive	Madonna was on Saturday Night Live with Bee gees last night :) she is perfect
neutral	Gulf markets surge ahead of Saudi budget : Gulf stock markets edged higher on Sunday with Saudi Arabia rising i ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Got a stat for you , Rangers have lost their last 9 Sunday games , last one they won ? Josh Hamilton 's walk off against Boston . "
neutral	@USER Kris Bryant with a two run home run cubs now only down bye 4 with 2 outs bottom of the 3rd
positive	Going to MILAN next Tuesday I really love it there
neutral	Brock Lesnar is facing the Undertaker at summerslam this sunday . That shits gonna be sick .
negative	He just isn ` t a sneak like Clinton . If she cared about womens rights she would n't be taking money from Saudi Arabia . HTTPURL
neutral	" Gothic rock ... I wonder if New Model Army ever thought about covering U2 ' s hit " " Sunday Bloody Sunday " " ! "
neutral	" The top 3 in the Miss United Nations Pageant : Miss USA ( winner ) , Miss Australia ( 1st runner up ) , Miss India ( 2nd ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Another championship move by Tom Brady , holding his first media availability on the Sunday of Labor Day weekend . Minimizes the impact "
neutral	Grichuk just hit his 14th home run of the year tying him w Kris Bryant and in more than 100 less at bats than Bryant #Cards
neutral	KPOP FANS HELPING 5SOS #ShesKindaHotVMA it because 5th harmony should of not say bad stuff about 2NE1 ! ! !
negative	If I see any for you bitches making fun of Caitlyn Jenner you will get your ass beat by a little 5 ' 3 girl :) HTTPURL
negative	This John Green 's Paper Towns nonsense is just a recycling of the Little Boxes complaints of the 1960 ' s : the original 1st world problem .
positive	@USER happy humpday Nicki enjoy your Wednesday . Super love and miss you . Xoxo sweetpea
positive	" There is no such thing as global warming . Chuck Norris was cold , so he turned the sun up . "
neutral	BREAKING : Real Madrid state proof of the documents being sent at 23:59 . UEFA to decide tomorrow . ( @USER ) #DeadlineDay #MUFC
positive	Kris Bryant is the 2nd best baserunner in Major League Baseball : HTTPURL
neutral	" Ohio Gov . John Kasich launched his long-shot bid for the White House on Tuesday , casting himself as an underdog ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Chuck norris gets shot today , tomorrow be the bullet 's funeral ! "
neutral	" @USER For PS3 and PS4 users outside of North America and Asia , you should be able to access Night Operations on September 8th . "
neutral	" John Kasich : today seems like a good day to control the media cycle . Nice , calm Tuesday " " Twitter : " " Taylor Swift said what ! ? ! " " "
neutral	" Prep work before the Con tomorrow ( @USER Cinemagic for Ant-Man in Portsmouth , NH ) HTTPURL "
positive	When is David Price 's next gone start ? I 'm hoping next Fri the 14th since I 've got tickets for that game vs the Yankees
neutral	@USER hay jun and bin you know who I saw creepy twilight at my Walmart today . I have one question who give a way twilight .
negative	" Been here 10 minutes , already got me drink took of es fs , sian n Rosie 's disappeared and I 'm sat on some chair swings with Niall , fuck sake "
neutral	Kanye West won the VMA for longest prez announcement ever #skimmlife HTTPURL via @USER
positive	@USER Finally able to see Paper Towns tomorrow . The excitement I am feeling is probably not ordinary but I just do n't care :)
negative	" @USER Unemployment at 5,3 % , more Americans with health insurance , decapitation of Al qaeda , gay rights.You just may be to bigoted to see "
neutral	Some good tips and multi-media resources to help teach Lee 's Mockingbird with Watchman . HTTPURL #teachenglish #edchat #onted
neutral	It 's Sunday should n't you Christian be in church Kim Davis await your fake Christians
positive	@USER in a sense she did in the MMA plus she was ranked 7th and Dana White is in a state of shock . Ronda has one more shot at her
neutral	" John Kasich : " " I Do n't Read A Bible To Figure Out What I Think " " : Gov . John Kasich sat down with Dana Bash to ta ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Does that make the National Herald private Jahagir of Rahul Gandhi , SG @USER HTTPURL "
neutral	Kris Bryant is the 5th rookie 3B to hit 20 HR in a season in the Expansion Era . The previous 4 to do it all won Rookie of the Year .
neutral	@USER my heart is broken for your loss of your husband Frank Gifford may he rest in peace god bless you and your family .
neutral	" @USER @USER musical chuck Norris . But you know , bury tomorrow bonking has a ring to it "
neutral	" If Bee comes in with cash in Oct , I 'd imagine Milan are gonna splurge in the winter & definitely next summer , let 's hope they are smart about it "
neutral	I have an extra ticket for Ed Sheeran at Toyota stadium in Frisco on the 5th of September ! Selling for $ 80 . PM me if interested ! #edsheeran
neutral	" Mar , do you know that Caitlyn Jenner still has a ball sack ? - my 7yr old cousin .. "
negative	@USER . Will Rahul Gandhi be under oath on 19th ? What is his real name should be the first question . #NationalHeraldCase
positive	" #Cubs take a 2-0 lead after Kris Bryant hits a two-run home run , his 21st home run of the year . "
neutral	" Dustin Johnson got an 8 on the first hole today , so it must be Sunday . "
positive	tmh change my mind when Niall waved at my section was the 2nd best day of my life after otra when I heard through the dark live
neutral	This shark on Friday 's twilight charter just wanted to say hello ! #sharkdiving #gopro HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Gay could n't get it to Rodgers . China rallied for 3rd .
negative	" When someone dies Muslims always say " " may he / she be put in Fridaus " " chances are 99 % ppl are n't going there . "
negative	No one is going to march any Christians to a gas chamber over #KimDavis or any other #LGBTQ issue you jackass ! #MathewStaver @USER
neutral	Must stop Zayn at all costs from going HTTPURL
positive	Instead of going to sleep i just started my PS4 .. Time for some GTA 5 ! I have a idea on the video ill upload tomorrow :) #GTAOnline #GTAV
positive	justin bieber purpose + carbs + dairy confirmed better than xanax you heard it here 1st
positive	" been with Shawn every day since last Friday . booooa , i could get use to being with him everyday . "
neutral	@USER whatever you know red Sox are going to win tomorrow
positive	" @USER I 'd like to sign David Price in the offseason , maybe add a 4th or 5th starter , and a lefty OF bat . "
neutral	Rahul Gandhi the kid is planning jail bharo with all his supporters on 19 Dec . Great . The judge will have less trouble arriving at verdict .
neutral	" If I may ask my brother , do you ever watch football , If yes , which team do you support apart from the Super Eagles ? @USER "
negative	@USER Real Madrid can eat a bag of dicks . Do n't want to go through all of this again in Jan . Hopefully he does n't either .
negative	" @USER oh no Kane are you getting a divorce ? I just listened to the replay of Tuesday 's show and you said " " bc of the divorce " " WHHHAAAT ? "
neutral	Matt Harvey shows up when he needs to do I 'm not even sweating tomorrow . deGrom makes me nervous . But Thor in game 7 ? Pshhh it 's a wrap #LGM
neutral	well cheeky of frank ocean to put the date of his new album at July 30th
neutral	It 's astounding the difference in Dustin Johnson 's game during the 1st and 2nd rounds of a major compared the 3rd and 4th rounds
neutral	George Osborne should come clean over who wins or loses in his budget | UK news | Guardian : STOP fiddling the figures HTTPURL
positive	Wishing the Super Eagles of Nigeria the best of luck against Tanzania tomorrow
neutral	" Depending what I can squeeze in before Friday , the rest of the week goes Paper Towns , U . N . C . L . E , American Ultra , Me & Earl ... and No Escape . "
negative	Scott Walker scratching really deep to find some kind of data to spin to make his awful record look better HTTPURL
positive	" @USER loving the beta Vahn , even playing it on PC with a PS4 controller without aim assist , can't wait for November 6 "
neutral	Teens / kids saying that old dude ' Paul McCartney ' may have a chance in the music biz ! HAHAHA ! ! ! sooo green these ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER i read Naruto fanfics like crazy around 9th grade lmao thanks , but German & English are the only ones i 'm fluent in lol "
neutral	" Kind of want to go to yoga , kind of want to stay here and watch Freaky Friday "
neutral	David Wright strikes out looking in the 8th inning with two outs and runners on 2nd and 3rd . Now 2-5 on the night .
neutral	@USER no every satellite china n russia n iran and around the planets fly bye wire leading to the sun n burn up ur com asap
neutral	" I would be cautious saying all terrorists are dead remember Charlie Hebdo , a few came out the next day while they were looking for the 1st 2 "
neutral	" There 'd be absolutely nothing wrong with Muslim Brotherhood review if one was done on Saudi Arabia , too HTTPURL #extremism "
positive	already looking forward to getting dunkin tomorrow be going to be running on about 4 hours of sleep :-) )
neutral	Joel Obi may miss out of the Super Eagles team to play Tanzania as reports from Torino say he will undergo more tests on a thigh complaint
negative	" So that Trump tweet making the rounds right now is a response to the Charlie Hebdo attack back in January , not today 's tragedy . "
neutral	" Celebrity Big Brother starts tomorrow : Line-up rumours , theme and everything you need to know HTTPURL "
positive	The Tigers may be calling up Matt Boyd : He 's pitcher number two they received in the David Price deal . HTTPURL
negative	" @USER @USER to kill Muslims , they may have killed Muslims but it do n't make u a Khawarij only for that , it 's an Aqeeda ting "
negative	Kerry can see the rationale behind the Charlie Hebdo attack . Fairly disgusting HTTPURL
positive	just booked my tickets for Ant-Man for this friday . can't wait !
neutral	Do u ever cry over ZAYN for a lite and then it seems like March all over again bc same
neutral	" Tomorrow ! ! Pop up class with @USER . Credits include : Miley Cyrus , Katy Perry , Jidenna , Nickelodeon , ... HTTPURL "
negative	" Sooo just seen somewhere that Kanye west wants to run for president , I sincerely hope that 's just an extremely late April fools ... "
positive	Free by Zac Brown Band is like the 2nd national anthem .
negative	22 Nov 1971 - IRA man Michael Crosse was killed by a premature bomb blast at the Cellar Lounge in Lurgan ; 9 injured HTTPURL
neutral	" Did you know , John Lennon & Paul McCartney wrote Celia 's 1st single #fadingchildhood #tarahCilla #ThisTimeIsGoodbye HTTPURL "
neutral	" Rios beats tag in 8th , Royals sweep White Sox HTTPURL ... it was #StarWars night at The K . "
neutral	" @USER @USER If you 're Chuck Norris , that may be enough . For the rest , at least concealed carry . "
positive	Seeing Undertaker laugh at Brock Lesnar may have been the greatest thing I have EVER SEEN ! #BrockvsTaker #WWE #SummerSlam
positive	If I can get it done by tomorrow night at the end I will have #MTVStars Lady Gaga
neutral	Start of the 3rd and Murray continues to race through his service games . Bellucci not looking as dangerous as he was in the 1st set #USOpen
neutral	May get fired for sneaking into Sam Smith 's dressing room tonight to ask him if he 'll sing at my funeral but it 'll be worth it . Stay tuned .
positive	" @USER great pic of both of you ! How time flies , eh ? Bangs , all girls do bangs . Paul McCartney 's 1st GF set the rage rage 4 bangs "
neutral	" Twins have three hits against Chris Sale in the 2nd inning , including Escobar 's RBI single for a 1-0 lead over the White Sox . "
positive	" If Aldo vs McGregor AND Rousey vs Cyborg are both booked for UFC 194 at Cowboy Stadium , I just have to be there ! HTTPURL "
positive	" I have n't seen Alan Partridge on TFI Friday yet , but I 'm positive it 's proof that he should host Top Gear AND TFI Friday over Chris Evans . "
positive	" Thanks to @USER and @USER I have been reminded that Ice Cube 's " " good day " " was my 4th birthday . "
negative	" So if the 14th amendment could not protect a women 's right to vote , why would it apply to gay marriage ? It would n't and does n't . "
negative	Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter for fatal crash : The accident occurred whe ... HTTPURL #cadillac #escalade
neutral	@USER @USER does @USER know about this ? He may be moving to Saudi Arabia .
positive	Im just so happy that Zayn is fully living his thotty dteams on this Tuesday morning . Also my hamgover is mild . #Blessed
neutral	" Carlos Rodon ( @USER ) is on pace for his 5th straight Quality Start ( 6 IP , 1 ER , 4ks ) , but the White Sox are currently down 0-1 "
positive	Ed sheeran 's coming to Dallas tomorrow and I 'm missing it AGAIN and I 'm sad so let 's not talk about it k
positive	Been listening to Zac Brown Band on repeat for the last week . Ca n't wait till tomorrow ! @USER @USER #ZBBAtFenway
negative	Chris Evans just said excactly what I was thinking about Saturday Kitchen ' I do n't care about this show anymore '
positive	My son 's braden 8th birthday got money in the bank briefcase due to Seth Rollins . Can you say happy birthday seth rollins to my son ?
neutral	@USER @USER @USER Shawn from @USER may call in from the hospital and confess how he catfished @USER
negative	Kris Bryant said last Wednesday was the hottest game he 's ever played in . How bad is it there today ?
neutral	Y'all I just realized and we have n't spoken about this in a while but if Briana is really having a baby she is due in January I believe ...
negative	" Seeing this dude 4 the 1st time , this Seth Rollins is a self assured SOB #WWERAW "
negative	" @USER I do n't play the role of the victim , unlike your precious BLM , who march , Iran riot , loot , & break more laws for criminals . "
negative	" Ca n't help believing how much Dustin Johnson was robbed in the 2010 PGA Championship , and how that ruling may have sidetracked his career . "
neutral	" @USER all the hoopla around the others and I 'm sitting here , and my Kris Bryant man crush is 7th grade esque . "
neutral	Someone please message me I need to sell or get someone to come with me to Shawn 's show in ny tomorrow . They 're VIP tickets
neutral	@USER rained out . DH tomorrow at the Red Sox
positive	" TONIGHT ( FRIDAY ! ) AT UPTOWN BILL'S COFFEE HOUSE 7 pm . Victorian Christmas Concert with Curtis and Loretta , ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Randy Orton is one of my favorites , despite everything . Why ? Because he 's so damn good in the ring . Randy may not ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" #beauty #makeup TV Ratings Thursday : ' Big Brother ' Up , ' Beauty and the Beast ' Down , ' Under The ... - TVbytheNumber ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" frank ocean , c'mon man I just got my heart broken . release your album , mane , we need it "
positive	Amy Schumer 's honest post may actually inspire you to strip down : HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	God bless you Mr . Frank Gifford . May you rest in peace .
neutral	1st SCOTUS pisses off Christians with gay marriage LAW then rightly jails #kimdavies for breaking it ! #bravo HTTPURL
positive	Today is a good day . Friday before a 3 day weekend and there 's a new Iron Maiden record out today . Already downloaded and about to listen ...
neutral	@USER @USER @USER so and its it 's still and always gonna be Milan Monday 's . They not waking up the building like u did
neutral	@USER who do you think should win this Sunday : the undertaker or Brock Lesnar ?
positive	Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day ! Stop by the Leasing Office tomorrow between 11:00- 1:00 pm to enjoy some delicious hot dogs .
positive	What I love most about this is that every hag will be on DCUM tomorrow talking a t how trashy Nicki or Bey is . When clearly ... #VMAs
positive	my parent 's said i can go to milan on the 26th so I'M MEETING LENA IN LIKE 3 WEEKS I'M SO HAPPY
neutral	" This is from the Charlie Hebdo attack back in January . Yes it 's a beautiful image , but this is n't current . HTTPURL "
positive	@USER The Gals @USER the Dunkin on East 23rd in Manhattan always show love for me in the morning . HTTPURL
neutral	" I watched the clock turn midnight , and just sat there thinking how crazy it is that I met Shawn exactly a year ago "
positive	Well guys do you know what day is today ? Its Thursday ! ! Happy Thor 's day to everybody !
negative	Very bad idea 2 allow the dead body of Yakub to come to Mumbai-situation may become evn more tense @USER @USER @USER
neutral	Well said @USER If anyone watching this Yakub episode they may think this is the only case whole Indian Judiciary has at the moment.Shame
negative	@USER Had it worse . Sat through a 2 hour train with young teenage girls singing One Direction and Ed Sheeran songs .
neutral	If u are around Milan do n't miss the #brokencircuit world premiere Saturday 10 October at La Cartografia | Check ... HTTPURL
neutral	Scott Walker : John Boehner Calling Ted Cruz A Jackass Is ' Just Wrong ' : They may be rivals on the campaign trai ... HTTPURL
positive	" This is literally the 3rd ticket I 've bought to Milan , I really just can't lol "
neutral	" The World No 1 and world No 2 provided the main event at Whistling Straits on Thursday , even though Dustin Johnson eventually claimed a "
neutral	" Play Clinton up front over Kane . He 's not on it , still tired imo , give him October off . "
neutral	They may as well start talking about Kim Kardashian 's new camel coat ... HTTPURL
positive	Kim Kardashian shares the moment she 1st connected to Kanye : And it 's the best #throwback : HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	Monday Night Raw is not playing tonight ! Kevin Owens v Randy Orton ? What !
neutral	i m on break from op so maybe i should keep it up with naruto or or or watch your lie in april but like i love myself so idk
positive	" At least 20 women have won seats for the first time in Saudi Arabia 's municipal polls , the elections commission said on Monday . " " The "
negative	I am not in the right frame of mind to attempt to watch Sharknado 3 yet . I may need to start drinking .
neutral	" Our generation may not have had Jimi Hendrix , Led Zepplin , Nirvana or 2pac but we did get Jackass so it 's not a complete loss "
neutral	Ending our Thursday we have ... Bee Gees with Immortality HTTPURL
neutral	Selling my Jason Aldean ticket ! ! ! Need to get rid of it by Friday leaving for vacation !
positive	Good vibes to @USER @USER as she competes for Miss USA 2015 tomorrow July 12th in Baton Rouge ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Even the toughest fighters can benefit from a bit of yoga . Here are the White Collar boxers fighting on Saturday , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" David Bowie 's new album is coming out January 8th , but fans can get a preview with new single " " Lazarus . " " HTTPURL @USER "
neutral	ONE DAY Dean Ambrose will the WWE Champion the date April 3 2016 #wrestlemania32 NOTHING WILL STOP the #LunaticFringe HTTPURL
positive	Everyday at twilight When the sun turns red in the sky I think of you on that shoreline Brushing the hair from your eyes
positive	Cate Blanchett to be honored at the 27th Palm Springs International Film Festival : Two-time Academy Award winn ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Seriously considering getting a catheter fitted for optimum Metal Gear-ing all day Sunday . Failing that , might move the PS4 into the toilet . "
positive	@USER @USER @USER touche ! Back in my day TFI Friday and Chris Evans was relevant ... how times have changed
positive	" going to see Ant-Man today then will get pasta , I 'm doing all my birthday stuff today because I have band camp tomorrow and that 's all day "
neutral	" Hymn of the day : Katy Perry - Last Friday Night ( T . G . I . F ) We are back tomorrow night , for mixed group guest ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Kanye West announced he was running for president in 2020 during the MTV VMAs on Sunday . The bold declaration ... HTTPURL
positive	" We will be part of a signing with legendary wrestler , HULK HOGAN on October 11th ! ! We are accepting items and ... HTTPURL "
negative	" Real Madrid scum , mon the barca ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Niall is at the US Open again today - September 4 # 2 HTTPURL
positive	Going to see Paper Towns tomorrow ... Just remembered I wanted to re-read it before seeing the film ... going to crack it out now @USER
neutral	lmao I forgot to workout tonight . ehh I 'll just watch Naruto and workout tomorrow night
negative	The amount of people I 'm going to see come into Dunkin ' tomorrow before their first day back to school will not be okay
neutral	" LaBron 's going to be moderating that , if I understand - - John Kasich on Thursday 's Cleveland Fox debate ... #VotersFirst "
neutral	Rochester strikes first with a run in the 4th off #PawSox starter Edwin Escobar and it 's 1-0 Red Wings over Red Sox going to bottom 4th
negative	" Claims maths came from Islam . I tell him Egypt , Greeks had it earlier for example.Tries to prove me wrong by saying : HTTPURL "
neutral	Not half as ridiculous as the story of a state govt . spending hundred of millions on prayer warriors against Boko Haram ! #Sunday #Church
positive	@USER For when your working day eventually ends ... David Bowie ' Speed of Life ' ( off ' Low ' ) . HTTPURL #Happy-Friday
positive	Better be with Kendrick Lamar HTTPURL
positive	" you gonna be okay with me gone another night ? " " yea I 'm throwing a huge party " " " " really ! " " " " no I 'm watching a nirvana movie for the 3rd time " " "
neutral	" Given that Watchman repeats passages whole , it seems Lee did n't want to publish a 2nd book so much as she wanted to correct Mockingbird . "
neutral	Come on Murray dig deep ... I 'm going to be tired for work tomorrow if I have to stay up for a 5 - setter @USER
neutral	@USER How is it different from the Moto G ( 2nd Gen ) ? I mean areas of improvement or cons !
neutral	@USER or like you know some Gucci sun glasses and just say they are prescription .
neutral	What does Saudi Arabia 's #budget mean for the #oil market ? > > HTTPURL
positive	That Janet Jackson . Sometimes she just gets me . Happy Friday friends !
negative	when Gucci 1st got out of jail after the poolstick incident I said lets do a tape . he declined due to the album he was working on .
neutral	" Will not be at the Miss USA pageant tomorrow . Campaigning in New Mexico . Or as I like to call it " " Legal Mexico " " "
positive	" I want the kids tomorrow to know that the " " world 's greatest boxer , " " Floyd Mayweather , Jr . , ran and won . "
positive	" @USER " " Welcome to Sunday service if you hope to someday serve us We got green in our eyes , follow my Erick Sermon ... " " Kanye West "
neutral	Dustin Johnson quadruple bogies the 1st hole ? Must be Sunday of a major
neutral	" @USER Hello , do you know what time roughly the demo will be available to download tomorrow on PS4 ? "
neutral	" John Kasich - the most PC , and least 1st Amendment friendly , of the 17 GOP candidates . My article in The Federalist . HTTPURL "
neutral	Jarrod Dyson hits a solo homer off Erik Johnson to cut the White Sox lead to 6-2 in the 6th . 2 of 3 Royals hits off Johnson are solo homers .
positive	Yodamole is just one idea in this round up post of fun ways to celebrate Star Wars Day on May 4th . HTTPURL
neutral	" Both Real Madrid and Manchester United will push for the deal to go through tomorrow , but personally I do n't think the transfer will happen . "
negative	Real Madrid could 've paid the fee on the 1st day of transfer window if they really wanted De Gea . They 're to blame for the entire fiasco .
positive	" Just got a large iced coffee from Dunkin , which is my 6th cup of coffee ( so far ) today . Do you think that 's bad ? "
negative	Murray misses a good chance to break at the start of the 4th . Sloppy along with a brilliant shot from Anderson denies the break . #USOpen
positive	@USER Dark Souls 1 is my fav game of all time . Played it exclusively from release date for nearly 8 months . Became a 2nd home ...
neutral	@USER im being dead ass lol Kendrick nominated for 11 grammys most by any artist 2nd is taylor swift and the weeknd
neutral	I know the game is on Sunday but Shawn lavuo according to jay will have a pro bowl game
neutral	" I may sound cruel , be it , it 's nice to have terrorists like Yakub languishing in prison , dying bit by bit , before actually being hanged ... "
negative	This was not destroyed by followers of Islam - it was destroyed by the unthinking shock and awe doctrine . HTTPURL
positive	" Happy birthday , Prince George ! Have lovely day . Back to boarding school tomorrow . "
neutral	8/ 23 . when Niall and Liam came over right next to our section . and just sat there . right there . HTTPURL
positive	" Still really want to see Ant-Man , hopefully tonight or tomorrow . "
neutral	" Naked Raygun opening up for Foo Fighters at the venue formerly known as Deer Creek tomorrow night . Shades of Bauhaus opening for NIN , that . "
neutral	@USER Hello Flora . This is Patti on behalf of Ira . May I confirm if you already received an e-mail from Globe ?
neutral	@USER Saudi Arabia & Many other Foreign countries may want to debate ya on that one ! Lol
neutral	" Precisely why Iran was included on the list is unclear , since it is a foe of the Islamic State HTTPURL "
positive	" Sharknado is the best movie ever , but April has got to go . #AprilDies "
neutral	Snaps to Nicki ! I may not like her but get it HTTPURL
neutral	Which idol group is the best in KPOP ? EXO or BIGBANG ? via ChuuTALK HTTPURL c'mon VIP vote for bigbang
positive	Patiently waiting for a 2nd #AllStar season of Big Brother . C'monnnn ! Consider it for #BB18 Please & Thank you @USER #BB17 @USER
positive	" @USER True , right now they have the best squad . But if Milan can pull a few transfers right in January , there 's hope for top 3 . "
negative	Kendrick made sure iggy was n't going to steal his bars when he snapped on Black Friday .
positive	You just got to love Prince George Happy 2nd Birthday ! ! #princegeorge HTTPURL
neutral	" Actual #Sharknado3 forecast in real life would be like " " 22 % chance of Sharknado but that may vary as the hour gets later " " "
negative	In the last 24 hours The Islamic State released six videos threatening Saudi Arabia HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	high for this / / the weeknd bad religion / / frank ocean hive / / earl sweatshirt I luv this shit / / august alsina
negative	I hope Zayn is n't hanging out with May because she 's been trying to start shit with his life for years .
neutral	" I have two extra tickets to Sam Smith . They 're 3rd row , section 410 . DM me if you 'd like to buy them "
neutral	August 30 : Selena and the Bad Blood cast attending the Republic Records VMA after party at Ysabel HTTPURL
positive	I hope someone blesses me with Justin Bieber tickets before March
neutral	Shows how little people paid attn to the Charlie Hebdo stuff 11mo ago when they 're tweeting the pic of people in the streets from January .
negative	Rolling Stone ranks the Bonds HTTPURL sooo much wrong with this list but Die Another Day 10th ? REALLY ?
negative	" Honestly , Justin Bieber 's music could disappear of the face of the earth tomorrow and I could n't give any less of a fuck . "
neutral	" @USER Muslims will take the " " 5th " " on that one . "
neutral	May Allah forgive the souls of all the people killed in various senseless bombings by Boko Haram during Ramadhan and beyond including Gombe
neutral	@USER Tomorrow 's news : Heather Mills says that Paul McCartney plays the guitar left-handed but still uses a right-handed guitar .
neutral	Those like Carly Fiorina or Elizabeth May who complain about debate criteria or formats should arrange their own . It 's a free market .
neutral	Gay couple heads to Kentucky to wed and make a statement HTTPURL
negative	" Saturday does n't feel special compared to other week days , when Milan is not playing and the Brazilian league is finished . "
negative	" Kim Davis , KY Clerk Blocking Gay Marriage , Held in CMPT . a state employee , & broke the law . Have fun in prison may u find a nice woman ! "
neutral	Labor strike averted in Israel in last minute deal : A general strike was averted in Israel Wednesday when the ... HTTPURL
neutral	" david bowie 's daughter was born august 15,2000 just like me . coincidence ? i think not . "
neutral	Dustin Johnson hacking about . It must be a Sunday .
neutral	Iran is about to start selling oil that may cost just $ 1 a barrel - Read at Business Insider : HTTPURL nice
positive	Here is the amazing thing about Easter ; the Resurrection Sunday for Christians i - Read full quote @USER HTTPURL #quote
neutral	" When Katy perry says " " the blood orange sun " " HTTPURL "
negative	I think that last friday night by katy perry is lowkey a bop there I said it
neutral	" An gay man though may not be cr ! minal , 0ne or m0re less had m0re than an n0rmal l ! fe epxerience in the pasta . "
negative	@USER Germany will be crying in two yrs time as Islam swallows it turning it 3rd world .
neutral	I should n't say Jesus . I may have just offended Christians .
neutral	" John Cena VS Seth Rollins , the winner take all ... This Sunday at SUMMERSLAM ... HTTPURL "
positive	" twilight Good morning and happy Friday , all ! Anyone else braving the crowds for twilight tonight ? "
positive	No one understands how excited & happy I am that Paper Towns is out on Monday ! ! Waited far to long for it ! ! ! #PaperTowns
positive	" @USER Hey Soph , The Vamps are playing over @USER , that 's why you may have not have seen the Vista Room option , ha ! "
neutral	" New Country 99.9 Gator Country Welcomes Jason Aldean , with special guests Cole Swindell and Tyler Farr , Thursday ... HTTPURL "
neutral	The two minor leaguers masquerading as #Angels in the 8th / 9th spots in their lineup have been horribly overmatched vs #BlueJays David Price
positive	Hopefully my newlook PS4 will be here tomorrow with Until Dawn :D
neutral	" Paul McCartney said he 'd follow the sun . I 've got news for you , Pablo . It ain't going anywhere . "
negative	I like it when a celebrity that 's crap at cooking goes on Saturday Kitchen . Chris Evans looks like he 's never used a whisk in his life .
negative	I was gonna see Ed Sheeran tomorrow but nooo it sold before I could buy my ticket . Same with Halsey
positive	What I would give to meek K-Rod and Ryan Braun tomorrow while at the All-Star game representing the @USER thanks to @USER
positive	Friday is significant and more beneficial than any other day of the week for Muslims.This day Muslims gather together to pray in congregatin
negative	@USER you may be happy by what are you fucking doin but you will regret it so soon bc your just a bitch dont know anything bout Islam
neutral	Remember when we brought Murphy in to pitch and Kris Bryant hit the ball over E 9th ?
positive	Fuck the discounts . Best thing that came out of Black Friday was Kendrick Lamar .
neutral	" May the Feng Shui Be With These Five Star Wars-Themed Household Items : Star Wars day is a little strange , beca ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER : OH SHIT ! Youve been caught in an ego trap HTTPURL is he chuck Norris ? ? ?
neutral	" Record August for Milan visitors : ( ANSA ) - Milan , September 8 - Milan , thanks to the Expo world 's fair , had a ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER @USER lol . When I.got my MOTO G 2ND GEN I got on a web address for HTTPURL . found the type.of ph , then in ... "
neutral	beyonce nicki and miley are gonna be at the VMAs tomorrow but I bet you she 'll stay with nick or like pharrell @USER if you dare
neutral	" Ibrahim , Ujah in starting XI for Niger clash : Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh , has made six changes in the s ... HTTPURL "
negative	Fans jeer Milan after they draw against bottom club Verona : Milan 's inconsistent season worsened Sunday as it ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER Chanel is favourite brand - Gucci comes in 2nd place ! I have a big addiction when it comes to buying perfumes . I need to stop
positive	Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day ... do n't you wish you had this adorable banner to celebrate ? ? HTTPURL
neutral	I think Erik Rowand will be the 3rd member of Roman Reigns and Dean Ambrose 's team for Night of Champions #RAW #WWE
negative	" @USER @USER @USER he has supported Islamic , IRA terror through out his whole 6th form teachers lefty lounge career "
neutral	" #youtube After battling Dean Ambrose , The Undertaker feels the brutal wrath of The Shield : SmackDown , April 2 HTTPURL "
positive	waken the body & mind.join our monday 7am HATHA YOGA open level.start the week energised and refreshed.clear the mind . join @USER
neutral	@USER dang that 's rough I can only imagine well wishes hope U2 get some peace going back tomorrow man . Ca n't imagine how you both feel
positive	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL WWE RAW August 4 2014 - the authority ( Triple H , Stephanie , Randy Orton , Seth "
neutral	Why does everyone ignore Zayn 's interview with the Sun ? He said all he did was for the fans #5monthswithoutzayn
positive	Excited to see the Foo Fighters today but can not be arsed for getting back early hours of the morning and being tired tomorrow
neutral	Gucci unmentionables jivatma self-confidence april give being to the biform your personal irruptive amplificat ...
neutral	" Cubs Video : Kris Bryant 4 - for - 4 with 17th HR , Kyle Schwarber also goes deep in 15-8 loss vs . Tigers ; Jon Lester 7 ... HTTPURL "
neutral	#Eid 3rd day scenes of camp in #Achey #Indonesia where Eid Gifts & Cash was distributed among #RohingyaMuslims . HTTPURL
neutral	I was a Donald Trump supporter for PResident but then I heard John Kasich make some good point so now so I switched - said no one tomorrow
positive	Listen . I have Ice Cube my money the 1st time . Cyss gon watch bootlegs till I die my nigga .
positive	Prince George is a cancer too @USER ! We really are the best . HTTPURL
positive	" Getting slightly better at Dark Souls , beat 2 bosses tonight ! But then the mistakes , oh the mistakes . Stay tuned tomorrow for more of it ! <3 "
neutral	Nigeria reports Boko Haram arrests : Nigeria 's security agency said on Sunday it had made significant breakthro ... HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER By the IRA ? On bloody sunday 13 innocent demonstrators where gunned down in cold blood .
neutral	" Seth Rollins ' statue will be one billion cubits in height , so that he may be remembered FOR ALL ETERNITY ~ ! . #Raw @USER "
positive	Go Set a Watchman will be here tomorrow with some pants I ordered :')
positive	Look for Carly Fiorina to take Donald Trump on - she may win - we shall see .
positive	" When Ostrovsky , 33 , finally addressed the charges dismissed , Kane did claim one victory Monday , a Pacific Standard partner site . "
neutral	Card update at HTTPURL ... Kris Bryant Variant Award Sig Ranks 24th at debut . Where will he end up ? HTTPURL
negative	@USER Rousey is not the Hero we deserve HTTPURL
positive	" Praying for a better day tomorrow and also free Gucci , amen "
neutral	Paul McCartney and Wings : Nineteen Hundred and Eighty Five Band on the Run ( EMI / 5 December 1973 ) HTTPURL
neutral	I may be sleep deprived but I promise you that some kid at Dunkin today looked like a sprout
positive	Come celebrate Eid with us on Saturday at London 's free festival in Trafalgar Square ! HTTPURL #EidLDN HTTPURL
positive	Saw the Foo Fighters at Milton Keynes . The songs started . It was summer for a day and the sun went down . We walked home on unbroken legs .
positive	The New York Times @USER : Why John Kasich may be the strongest Republican candida ... HTTPURL #NewYorkTimes
neutral	" @USER The English window closes on September 2 , so I 'll reckon he 'll be forcing a move to Milan until 23:00 CET today "
negative	" If Kanye West comes even close to winning the 2020 election , like 5th place or higher , I 'm leaving the country for Canada "
negative	" The Asian girls in the swim suit section for Miss USA are the ones with the worse bodies , c'mon now > _ > #itsmissusa #cantyouworkoutmore "
positive	" The city of Dar es Salaam stayed up into the early hours of Friday to welcome the Super Eagles of Nigeria , who ... HTTPURL "
positive	Kim Kardashian is one stylish mama ! The star of E ! ' s Keeping Up With the Kardashians announced Saturday morning that she has given birth
neutral	The Moon is wandering far from home too long that the Sun starts missing him . | Zane & Shawn tale .
neutral	" Where are you Friday Sept 18th ? At the WWE Live Show with champion Seth Rollins , Dean Ambrose , Roman Reigns and more . HTTPURL "
positive	@USER This group is going to have a pretty awesome anti Scott Walker t-shirt for sale tomorrow ! HTTPURL
positive	" Come out and celebrate Eid with your fellow UMCP Alumni , Insh'Allah this Wednesday at Busboys and Poets , in Hyattsville , from 5-8 pm ! "
neutral	Any one want two Jason Aldean tickets for September 11th ? Text or DM me
positive	" Is n't It a Pity " " di George Harrison my sweet quiet George the only One . You Are in my sunset sunrise Sun sky . Love . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Lana posing with Lady Gaga for another picture at the Billboard Women in Music awards on Friday , December 11th ! HTTPURL "
positive	Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina ripped Donald Trump 's incendiary remarks about Megyn Kelly on Friday night .
positive	Monday : PJ day Tuesday : Ugly sweater Wednesday : Snow day Thursday : North Pole day Friday : STAR WARS DAY !
neutral	David Wright went 3 - for - 4 and played full game at third base for St . Lucie tonight . Due to be activated Monday .
negative	" it is july 65th , i am drinking water , still no sign of frank ocean 's album "
neutral	Someone go see Janet Jackson with me September 29th :(
neutral	@USER Speaking of Mark Cuban ... are you going to watch Sharknado 3 tomorrow ? :-)
neutral	" @USER no we watched qually in Milan at a sports bar , going to the race tomorrow and we 'll be sat in the grandstand at Parabolica "
neutral	" the anglos ( both ) had much hope in the rus . They are helpless now , as part of the iran deal assad must stay .. #Syria HTTPURL "
positive	" Air mattress , no pump ? Use hair dryer ! Thanks Stef & Shawn ! Floor no mo ! May I rest well tonight HTTPURL "
positive	@USER @USER Ask Scott Walker he seems to be in the game . Puns always intended ;-) . Happy Monday !
positive	" @USER he was like David Abbott 's edgier younger brother . the Elvis Costello to David Abbott 's George Harrison , if i may . "
neutral	Murray loses the 1st point . Anderson playing courageous tennis from the baseline . 27 Winners to Murray 's 12 #USOpen Can he keep it up ? ?
positive	" It 's another Sunday with perfect cinema weather , so head down for INSIDE OUT and ANT-MAN #worthing Book at HTTPURL "
positive	" Paul Dunne , an amateur , shares Open lead going into final round . Amazing ! Padraig is 5th : HTTPURL "
positive	Gotta get up hecka early tomorrow but I 'm just gonna stay up and watch Naruto
positive	Josh Hamilton pinch hit single ! Venable to 2nd ! DeShields at the plate ! No outs ! Let 's go Rangers !
negative	" Tuesday Attack by Boko Haram militants on Gamgara village , near the town of Bosso , Niger left a dozen people dead , local sources report "
neutral	News : Picture of potential opponent for @USER debut on the @USER card in Milan on 26th of September HTTPURL
positive	" Kim Kardashian Strikes Gold W / Kimoji App , Lands No . 1 Spot : Apple said Tuesday it is tough enough for Kim Kar ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER because a former member of the marine corps needs your support this Sunday at summer slam ! ! And his name is John cena !
neutral	" @USER Sudden Demise of Moulana Khadeer Ahmed Ada ul Aamiri is a great shock & a big loss to the Muslims , May Allah REWARD Moulana "
neutral	@USER @USER Some of them may very well be . They could be from the Jewish tribes of Saudi Arabia who converted to Islam .
neutral	@USER has the MO ! # 2 in NH will help raise $ & get press . There 's a lot to like w / every man Gov John Kasich . HTTPURL
positive	" Close your eyes and I 'll kiss you , Tomorrow I 'll miss you.Paul McCartney "
negative	" Our Cameroun horror , by Boko Haram returnees On August 3 , Cameroonian authorities began the repatriation ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" So if Kane gets a 2nd . Then in the last minute England get a penalty , who takes it ? @USER or @USER ? #ENGvSWI #Rooney #Kane "
positive	" Cate Blanchett : Love scene with Rooney Mara in Carol is ' very erotic , tender and beautiful ' 17 November 2015 By : ... HTTPURL "
positive	Happy Star Wars Day from your friends at The Mongcast ! May the force be with you . HTTPURL
positive	anyone wanna buy a Zac Brown Band ticket for the 3rd ? ? ? dm me if interested
neutral	@USER I started getting obsessed with it after I watched twilight and read all the books in 5th grade haha it stuck with me
neutral	News Alarm : Kendrys Morales ( DH - KC ) Kendrys Morales went 2 - for - 4 with two doubles against the White Sox on Saturday .
positive	" Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day ! At 1 PM tomorrow , meet us in the 1st floor lobby for a delicious lunch treat ! HTTPURL "
positive	Is anybody going to the radio station tomorrow to see Shawn ? Me and my friend may go but we would like to make new friends / meet there (:
neutral	New game show Sat . hosted by Colin Cowherd and Hulk Hogan ... Who wants to marry a Dominican ? 10am in the Ron Jeremy Ballroom .
positive	just checked for events happening at Gila River Arena in September and I got SO excited to see that Sam Smith is playing . On September 30th
positive	The first one is always the hardest . Way to go Thor ! ! Looking to tie it up tomorrow night ! #LGM #MetsTwitter HTTPURL
positive	" @USER Jumma Mubarak to all Muslims , Jumma is the most sacred day of a week . :) . Friday Sermon is reminder of our duties as Muslim "
positive	" With love in my heart for the fathers in Israel , may I suggest 10 specific ways that fathers can give spiritual ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Please , please , please come true . I 'm counting down the hours until Watchman 's release . HTTPURL "
neutral	I do n't ever have any normal experiences with famous people ... Check back on Friday as I take on Sam Smith 's dressing rooms
negative	Boycott and sanction ' power to be stripped from UK councils . Awww the Boycott must really be hurting Israel . #BDS HTTPURL
neutral	Counting the cost of the Boko Haram crisis HTTPURL
positive	Seth Rollins has always been the future and being the guy to finally beat cena just solidified his legacy #1st #TitleforTitle
neutral	" @USER And the way the Orioles are going , the Red Sox ( 60 ) , Mariners ( 61 ) , and White Sox ( 61 ) may do likewise before too much longer . "
positive	Dunkin & Buffy the vampire slayer with @USER I think today is going to be a good Saturday .
positive	" Was searching for Cyberpunk style movies I may not have seen and found one called NIRVANA w / Christopher Lambert . It 's weird , I like it . "
neutral	@USER When Mike hears about Hulk Hogan : C'mon guys he 's not that bad . He probably was just having a bad day bahhhhh
neutral	The latest edition of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo was revealed on press stands across France on Wednesday .
negative	i hope john cena comes to school on tuesday and five knuckle shuffles the fuck out of yall
negative	" @USER - when is the last time Christian hung gays ? i 'll tell you the last time Islam hung gays , yesterday , today & tomorrow , etc , etc "
positive	@USER Thor just layed on the couch even he heard him . He sat up and juat ate by himself .. on the balcony .. right around him no rain
neutral	" @USER @USER as per record , Rahul gandhi is wrong . May got record corrected and present it before India . "
neutral	wish I could post my real feelings about Kanye west without hurting my future career whatever that may be ...
positive	SLTrib 's @USER published this years 1st Class 5A State Ranking - Sons of Thor keep up the excellent work ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Our account will be very active for International Fashion Month New York , London , Milan and Paris all the action from Thursday "
neutral	" Interesting . BetOnline just opened Rousey - 1250 vs . Holm , almost identical odds to those set for 3rd Tate bout . Expect different take at 5d . "
positive	" Sunday , July 19th is National Ice Cream Day . Come celebrate with us ! Get up to TWO free toppings with any ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER @USER C'mon guys join the quiz ! ! Get free cool The Vamps tees by @USER Good luck ! ! HTTPURL
neutral	There was a strong case for giving a lifer to Yakub . But the arguments about his crucial role in the blasts may be flawed but not flimsy .
positive	This may be pathetic but I 'm soo excited for Sharknado 3 . Best to watch with lil kids tho .
negative	" Bill Burr made gross transphobic jokes about Caitlyn Jenner on Conan : On Thursday , comedian Bill Burr appeared ... HTTPURL "
positive	Nu op Radio Zaanstad Bee Gees - Will you still love me tomorrow 1
neutral	meetthepress : . ChuckTodd sat down with John Kasich recently HTTPURL #IfItsDebateNight
positive	Someone go by every single season of Naruto for me I 'll love you forever HTTPURL
positive	AMY SCHUMER TICKETS STILL AVAILABLE for SUNDAY 's SHOW at Kent State ! ! Go to the HTTPURL website ! HTTPURL
positive	" @USER We do too ! And tomorrow it National Ice Cream Day , so you are ahead of the game ! "
positive	" The ' Eid falls last friday , though it 's done I am thankful alhamdulillah to have this additional info / knowledge . HTTPURL "
neutral	Do n't let JOHN CENA go down on me Do n't let the sun go down on me #ReplaceSongTitlesWithJOHNCENA
neutral	Kendrick may have gotten all the critical acclaim ... But that album ain't last past the first week from my understanding .
neutral	" This is n't the stock market , it 's Big Brother . You need to have some risk to have big reward . Playing safe gets you 6th place . #BB17 "
negative	" Curt Schilling posted and then deleted a tweet Tuesday that seemed to suggest " " extremist " " Muslims posed as much of a threat to the world "
neutral	" Not getting a good run with frees for , another goal to Murray from a free kick 16 points up midway through 2nd "
positive	Salt & pepper are 2 great spices One makes you thirsty ! By the grace of God may we as Christians be sweet & salty 4God ! !
negative	@USER @USER @USER like when Chris Evans was sick once and she sat in the kitchen for 2 hours crying
negative	" The WWE may have fired Hulk Hogan , but it 's still racist as hell HTTPURL via @USER "
positive	You may have seen this but John Cena has given his 500th Make a Wish gift for a kid . My hat is off to you Mr Cena HTTPURL
positive	" 23 November 1970 . George Harrison released " " My Sweet Lord " " in the US . It would become the first single by a former Beatle to reach No . 1 "
neutral	Real Madrid have ripped the piss out Man Utd . They now get the keeper half price in January
negative	" And the worst PPV of the year award goes to : Floyd Mayweather , Sept 12th "
neutral	" When Randy Orton won The WHC at Summerslam against hmm , I forgot his Name I remember Chris then B . I forgot the rest .. HTTPURL "
neutral	July 19 ( Infostrada Sports ) - Scores from the British Open at the par - 72 course on Sunday in St Andrews - 12 Paul Dunne ( Ireland ) 69 69 66
positive	@USER Good Morning Janet Jackson Happy Saturday to you HI I am a huge fan of you how are you doing have a good weekend and Happy
negative	true story : munibond sales guy was freaking out & wanting to liquidate his IRA at depths in aug / sep ( talked him out of it for the most part )
positive	FACT : This is the 5th straight yr JOHN CENA is in the #WWE Champ match at #SummerSlam ! He has also LOST 4 consecutive title matches ! #Cenation
neutral	" @USER reasons . That may convince others their real purpose . Now Peping 's already there , Eid also . Now it 's becoming more political "
positive	" Not the Best but , everything is decent & good enough in Moto G 3rd Gen . Also , new camera setup is a huge upgrade ! @USER #MyMotoG "
neutral	Why Blue Jays nation has fallen in love with David Price - Toronto Sun HTTPURL
neutral	Better ward off the Christians that may or may not follow me
neutral	I did n't know the 6th pillar of Islam was heterosexuality HTTPURL
positive	" Fort Wayne had 3rd Interfaith Prayers 4 the City . Hindu dancing , Miami Nation drums and chanting , Muslims , Jews , Christians all 2gether as 1 "
negative	Um ... Bobby Jindal ( & Scott Walker ) do n't love America or its Constitution--particularly the 14th Amend @USER HTTPURL
positive	Thanks everyone who came and hung out through the challenge ! Tomorrow I 'm starting my first full playthrough of Dark Souls !
neutral	Universal may have survived the Selfie Stick invasion ... But now it must face the Sharknado ...
positive	Deeply saddened by the sudden death of Frank Gifford . He will always be the voice of Monday Night Football for me .
neutral	" I 'm not gonna lie , I like John Kasich . Its gonna be a shame when he finishes 8th tonight . #GOPDebate "
neutral	President Muhammadu Buhari may have set a deadline for the end of Boko Haram deadly activities as h ... HTTPURL #badotweet
negative	Surprising end to a Gauntlet Match between Brock Lesnar and the three weakest members of the RAW Roster in WWE 2k14 . He lost to the 2nd man .
negative	@USER @USER I do not buy in2 the Zionist idea that Christians r a 2nd class people who must support Israel no matter what
negative	" funny cause that asshole from the sun said " " niall confirmed the sun story " " like fuck no HE DID NOT "
positive	@USER I had an amazing time in June . Make sure you visit the Rolling Stone ! ! !
neutral	I 've been asked to inform you that this was a joke and I definitely have n't had a copy of Frank Ocean 's album since July 15 . It 's not true .
neutral	@USER are you still up north or can you review CAROLon Fri ( Cate Blanchett & Mara Rooney in film version of gay classic novel )
positive	@USER ok girly good looking cause we love Aug .. Do n't want no Thor that do n't mean he any good hurting him ! ! !
negative	Murray 's in major crisis here - 5 - 1 down in the 2nd set after losing the 1st ! scenes ! !
neutral	#HeraldHauntsCong Law is equal for all may it be Sonia Gandhi or Rahul Gandhi
positive	" Thor is ready to fight at the Stadium Arena , Sweden , Nov 28th This ' Battle of the Norse Giants ' sees the ' Game ... HTTPURL "
neutral	black holacost Christians how many of ! gave praise to Jesus sunday do research . he was a muslim prophet
positive	@USER Always a good time with Sharknado and Twitter . Plays again Saturday at 7
neutral	Dustin Johnson shoots himself out of lead at British Open : Dustin Johnson felt as though he played well Sunday but while everyone els ...
negative	Gujarat government may even claim that the Quran says killing Muslims is rewarding . #facepalm
positive	@USER @USER @USER Kane 's best service in the 1st half came from the keeper ! Says it all
positive	I hope enough people show up tomorrow so a Kpop course can be ran . I really want to do it .
neutral	In his first AB since 4/14 David Wright sent a pitch into the 2nd row of the 2nd deck in left . Would love him if he was n't a Met .
negative	" Did n't wake up with Frank Ocean 's voice , imma try again tomorrow "
positive	" Sunday Oliseh to pick five local stars for Tanzania game : Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh , has revealed he w ... HTTPURL "
positive	Adele 's new album will be released this November ? ! ? ! UMMM Yes please . This better be true ! And she better not pull a Frank Ocean either .
neutral	Tune in this Wednesday at 12 pm PST as I talk to Dr . Milan about fatigue and how it impacts our lives . I 'm very ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Tony Blair in the Sunday Times on ISIS : " " You have got to destroy the idea as well " " . A war on religion then ? How will that work . "
neutral	" harry today im alone at home , and tomorrow night is zayn 's birthday . i want to make sure that he will notice me . "
neutral	" #VMAs Kanye West should have the special title of " " Sunday Dagboru " " of d industry "
positive	" As the sun stars to fade , here 's " " Twilight is upon me " " by Tracy Leonard . Love this one ! #art #yoda #starwars # h HTTPURL "
neutral	" David Price lost a late lead against the Yankees in Friday 's 4-3 defeat , allowing three runs on 11 hits over 7 1/3 innings . "
positive	April & I watching Thor is just us groaning at how hot Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston are
positive	YAAASSS hire him full time so he and Seth Rollins can beef forever HTTPURL
negative	soo flylo x the weeknd x kaskade x Paul McCartney all at the same time tomorrow is still pretty fucked up
neutral	@USER Bernie 's there like crossing his fingers that Saudi Arabia is going to wake up tomorrow and decide to take out ISIS
neutral	@USER maybe he will let us go 3rd period to get it fixed . Or Kane 's class
positive	And as it stands the amateur Paul Dunne will be going out last tomorrow with Jason Day ! What a moment for him ! #OpenChampionship
positive	" Why do I not remember seeing @USER " " Bad Blood " " when it 1st aired ? Hilarious episode ! "
neutral	" @USER @USER Apparently the answer is " " blue " " . I guessed . I may have achieved Nirvana . "
positive	to watch Big Brother is the only reason why i wake up on a sunday
neutral	" @USER Thor shook his head , " " I may not be your blood , but we were raised together . You are not a monster , Loki . What have you done ~ "
neutral	I have one possibly two extra tickets to see Zac Brown Band tomorrow at MetLife stadium . Dope seats . Who wants to come with me ?
neutral	" John Kasich cracks top 10 in GOP poll - The initial New Day committee was created April 20 , while the other group ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Can Big Brother just start now please ? I 've literally sat for hours doing nothing but wait on #CBB !
neutral	My playlist is going from Bryson tiller to Justin Bieber to August Alsina lmao
neutral	Floyd Mayweather says he will fight September 12th ( again ) ... but no opponent yet What do you think ? #boxing ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Hinduism may or may not be a religion according to Western / Semetic traditions but reality is it is way different from Islam .
positive	Seeing all these concert pics makes me even more excited to go see Jason Aldean Thursday with my favorite people
neutral	John Kasich gets the final spot at Thursday 's GOP debate . @USER HTTPURL
negative	" This #GOP race is seriously getting out of hand . Who in the blue heck is John Kasich ? Or red heck , as the case may be here . "
neutral	If the #RedSox keep on winning and end up getting the 11th pick and losing a protected first by one slot would be classic Red Sox
neutral	" @USER When it comes to gay rights , progressives pretty much stop at the border / 1st world ( Russia , Italy lip service ) . "
positive	I just entered to win 2 tickets to see Zac Brown Band on September 5th ! You can enter too ! Thanks Hoffman Ford ! HTTPURL
positive	My beautiful bestfriend converted to Islam on Laylat Al Qadr may Allah bless her & set her on the right path HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci bags death instinct thought may hike the dualistic thine suggestive access swelling towards favoring bla ...
positive	TGIF by Katy Perry just came on & it 's Friday AYEEEEEEEEE
negative	always pull the gay card cause some exgirlfriends are fucking nuts 4th one in a week
negative	Got caught up on sat & sun 's paper . Pretty upset that the Lexington Herald-Leader put a Go Set a Watchman spoiler on the front page .
positive	" Nightlife in Milan , Italy : Aperitif and evening at Fiat Open Lounge - english page - HTTPURL For the ones tomorrow sunda ... "
neutral	If you attend ball state and wanna go to yoga on Sunday 's with me please raise your hand
positive	May God bless you Big Brother for your plans . A home for 20 families . Mabuhay kayo @USER @USER @USER
positive	" Dustin Johnson has a lead in a major on Thursday , because of course he does : HTTPURL HTTPURL "
negative	I 'm going to be so sad if I get to go to niall 's hotel again on Saturday and he leaves like twenty minutes after I do again
positive	" literally , i 'll have to sprint out to the luas and sprint home thursday night coz i 'll be mad to see celebrity big brother "
neutral	If the NFL wants to punish Tom Brady & the Patsies they should move all their games to Monday morning at 8 a.m. That should deflate them :)
negative	" @USER Should we not be trying to talk to IS ? If we had n't sat down with the IRA , we would still be losing lives in NI . "
neutral	A solar eclipse is the result of the sun accidentally making eye contact with Chuck Norris
neutral	A senseless error by Starlin Castro and Kris Bryant led to a Pirates run in the 5th inning : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	If anyone is stopping at Dunkin and would be so kind to get me a coffee I 'll pay you back tomorrow so hit me up ! Thanks ! ! !
positive	Ice Cube is like 7th on my Greatest MC list and he is # 2 in my diss records list .
positive	can it be tomorrow already i want to watch big brother
negative	Frank ocean not dropping his new album in July is the reason why I have trust issues
neutral	" . @USER have been added in the 13 man Battle-Royal this Wednesday . He 'll take Randy Orton spot , do n't worry ; Ambrose there too . "
neutral	" @USER merely trying to make 11th a day to include all dead including IRA men , it wont be allowed to happen . "
negative	@USER I agree bt may be Martinez doesnt think so .. he may get to start all the the time if he goes to Milan
neutral	@USER @USER You are right about John Kasich . He will not be in the top-tier debate again . He debated 1st only in his OH .
positive	I think the best Stan Lee cameo may be in Ant-Man . It had me laughing hard .
neutral	I bet Nicki has like a 3rd of the industry shaking in their boots . Plus the Barbz will drag if anyone comes for her .
neutral	I see that Hulk Hogan is not sat with the NWO #NXTTakeOver
neutral	SoKor trolling NoKor by blasting Kpop over the border Play Red Velvet 's 1st mini album ' Ice Cream Cake ' and there will be world peace
neutral	Blog pick for Doncaster . Night in Milan and Generous Ransom the picks in a competitive race HTTPURL
neutral	Imma promote the shit out of Calibraska in London Town tomorrow
negative	You may spend more time in the washroom than a Rousey fight after eating this HTTPURL
negative	Why is Muhammad a myth . ? If not then Muslims should welcome historians to do their job . I say they are afraid of what the historian may find
neutral	" @USER Do you think The Undertaker will Defeat Brock Lesnar at Sunday 's WWE " " Summerslam Event " " ? "
negative	@USER Not if they fight against Muslims for the USA as the FSA does now . They may as well smoke because they 'll burn in Hell anyway
neutral	Brock Lesnar 's next WWE appearance will be on October 3 at the MSG live event . Opponent TBC .
positive	" I may be tired , but at least the bags under my eyes are Gucci . "
neutral	C'mon @USER ... It 's time to speak up about yesterday and about Bad Blood .
neutral	Lady Gaga out and about in New York City ( December 11th ) - HTTPURL
positive	I want it to be tomorrow so I can have my pumpkin coffee back at Dunkin
neutral	" Prompted by the ace Jack White film the other night , I am ( voluntarily ) listening to ( old ) U2 for the 1st time in years . * loses all friends * "
neutral	" @USER that photo is from just after Charlie Hebdo , January ! "
neutral	" @USER Are you sure of the bets which one can make in Vegas ? E . g . Gatorade , Katy Perry . I think those may only be available offshore . "
neutral	is Nov 27 Comedians day ? Rahul Gandhi to speak in Parliament . ohh La La ... I am going to watch it .
positive	seeing shawn tomorrow is the only thing that 's getting me through the day .
positive	I want it to be Friday so i can get my medium iced latte from Dunkin
positive	" Since Friday , I 've been walking around reciting the lyrics to No Vaseline by Ice Cube . It 's like I 'm a kid again ! Wait ... "
neutral	Anyone want to go to Sam Smith October 6th ? ? ?
neutral	" David Cameron is the new Tony Blair , not sure that 's a chair I 'd like to be sat in . "
negative	" Nope . So-called " " Christians " " like yourself denying the equal protection of the law under the 14th Amendment . @USER "
negative	This just in : Caitlyn Jenner may be charged in auto accident death . HTTPURL
negative	Something is wrong with those people born at the end of march including myself and Lady Gaga
neutral	1st : Taylor and Avril 2nd : Taylor and Nicki 3rd : Taylor and Katy ? ? ? Hahahaahhahahhh .. maybe its the start of the new beginning ? ? ?
neutral	And whaddya know ? ! Dustin Johnson (-8 ) birdies the 10th and has the outright lead at the PGA Championship . HTTPURL
neutral	" Hi guys ! We know a lot of you want to see Paper Towns , we wo n't be showing it from Monday but we are hoping to ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Escobar , the man the White Sox traded away , doubles off the base of wall in center . He 's 2 for 2 . #C'mon "
positive	My Ye'eh is coming down from Prince George tomorrow ! ! ( Grandfather ) I hope . Let 's see if he sticks to his words this time .
neutral	Katy Perry - Last Friday Night ( T . G . I . F . ) . #NowPlaying #Smartphone #Lyric #Android #Video #mp3 Download it now at HTTPURL
positive	Yoga class ! Wed at 7pm ! Healing Arts Collective in Philadelphia - check the link for details HTTPURL
positive	boruto naruto the movie comes out november i need to catch up real quick
neutral	" Nikki Bella may have the Divas title , but she 'll never have a child with John Cena . "
neutral	" Floyd Mayweather is yet to announce who he will fight on September 12 , in what could be his last professional bout before retiring , but he "
neutral	" Today In Beatles History ( March 18 , 1976 ): Paul McCartney 's father , James " " Jim " " McCartney , dies of bronchial pneumonia at the age of 73 . "
negative	" They finished with 61 total wins . That was the 2nd worst record in MLB , leading to the selection of Kris Bryant in the 2013 Draft "
neutral	David de Gea 's move to Real Madrid from Manchester United dramatically collapsed on Monday night . PETE JENSON answers the burning
negative	Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Thursday alleged that members of the Boko Haram sect have concluded plans to bomb ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER set of skills . Skills that may make me a pleasure for a woman like you . I wo n't go Floyd Mayweather on you but I will fornicate
neutral	" CNN : Fiorina on vaccinations : ' When in doubt , it is always the parents ' choice ' : Carly Fiorina on Thursday pre ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER You mean the Caesars Palace where The Immortal Hulk Hogan won his 5th WWE Title at WrestleMania IX ?
neutral	John Kasich says the Reagan people talk of is a caricature and Reagan was moderate . Kasich may be a cartoon but Reagan is no caricature
positive	just bought tickets with sam to see a nirvana tribute band in november and i am so fucking excited
positive	Go through the best flip covers and back covers available for Moto G 3rd Gen HTTPURL #Motorola #Smartphones #MotoG3rdGen
neutral	#GOPDebate John Kasich is like 10th in the polls . Why is he getting all this time ? Had to be a deal for the hometown gov .
positive	Yes it does feel like 106 in the sun . And it happens to be National Ice Cream Day . HTTPURL
neutral	" Do you think ... George Harrison 's song " " Here Comes the Sun " " was actually supposed to be titled " " Here Comes the Son " " and was about Christmas ? "
neutral	Anyone want to play the AW S & D Gfinity tourney tomorrow on PS4 ?
negative	it 's the 18th day of august . the month 's ending . still no sign of frank ocean 's album . i 'm beginning to believe it was all a lie .
positive	@USER Monday night raw should be good tonight I wonder will sting show up or if Brock Lesnar will be there
positive	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL ( 5th Edition D & D ) From the Astral Season 1 , Episode 3 : Bad Blood Runs Deep "
neutral	" Legendary Chuck Norris may visit Azerbaijan : Sabir Suleymanov , chairman of the martial art of judo , head of th ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Ant-Man may have cliched and formulaic structure , but it 's a whole lot of fun . The final 40 mins is superb . "
negative	I am hearing a settlement may be in the works with Kane and alleged victim . He might be pulling a Kobe - WHICH MEANS HE IS GUILTY ! !
neutral	@USER @USER #AskAnimeLtd Do you hope for a season 3/2 nd movie for Haruhi Suzumiya ? Were you surprised with how Naruto ended ?
positive	Friday night = listening to calibraska with my dog
neutral	@USER ~ followed him up the golden staircase to their throne . He sat down with Sif at his side . Thor and Jane standing on the ~
negative	" Remember The Sun newspaper supports this Tory government , it supported Tony Blair 's government . It is an insult to us all . Vote #Corbyn :) "
neutral	" Caitlyn Jenner fears she may have to serve in MEN'S prison , revealing she ... - HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" 15 august black day for Sikhs , Muslims , Christians & minorities in India . #FreedomForKhalistan #GayHind HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER @USER H may try . Liam would be confused ; Louis would just take the piss , and Niall would probably laugh tbh "
positive	" I 'm just honestly so blessed that otra is on a Tuesday they 're looking out for me because Sunday , Wednesday and Thursday is Big Brother "
negative	" the refugee camps have ever bn factories f hatred , Islam 's major export to the world in later 20th / early 21st cns . HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER Its not ... Nicki garnered the success she has today because of what her 2nd album entailed AND the look .
neutral	Kanye West . I 'm just imagining his wife as 1st lady . Kim in the Whitehouse will we know every inch of the Whitehouse thru insta !
neutral	" Oooh realized yesterday I never did tweet a couple of things ! My flight into Milan , I watched 3 movies - 3rd night at the museum , avengers 2 "
negative	Gov.Ventura is right Abortion is premeditated murder in the 1st degree Scott Walker 's law is stupid Who shed 's man 's blood By man hisBshed
positive	Plenty of niggas out here that would catch a body on friday and then stay in to watch the new episode of Naruto on saturday lol
positive	" Not that I normally retweet Justin Bieber , but this time I thought it may be worth it . Merry Christmas everyone . HTTPURL "
positive	" It 's great that George Harrison makes the list with Something , though I love Here Comes The Sun #NatFaveBeatles "
positive	" @USER Did you miss the Kendrick Lamar and J Cole subliminal disses to Drake on their black Friday jawn ? Come on , every 1 @USER da PISSGOD "
positive	Celebrity Big Brother starting tonight and XFactor starting on Saturday . It was nice knowing you all .
negative	Which is the harder half of a song ... The 1st half of Kendrick Lamar 's M . A . A . D city or the 2nd half of Meek Mill 's Dreams and Nightmares ?
negative	Jon Stewart cheating he helps Seth Rollins win that some cheap Monday Night Raw comes on tomorrow and I 'm not going to be happy
neutral	" @USER @USER there may even have been two " " Sanctuary " " s in the top 40 at about the same time ; viz the Iron Maiden single . "
neutral	" @USER So you think The " " Feud " " between Brock Lesnar vs The Undertaker will end after Sunday 's Match at " " Summerslam " " ? "
positive	@USER john cena was the love of my life ok I watched wrestling when I was in like 3rd grade
neutral	Keylor kicks on at Valdebebas : Keylor Navas trained alone on Tuesday morning with Real Madrid goalkeeping coac ... HTTPURL
positive	" Home run ! Ryan Braun 's 3 - run blast puts the #Brewers on the board in the 9th . It 's now D'Backs 8 , #Brewers 3 . No outs . #MILvsARI "
negative	I wo n't be able to watch one direction at the apple music on the 22nd because of the sam smith concert and some things at school I 'm sad
positive	Watching Sharknado waiting for the 3rd one at 9
neutral	Come on Dana white . Ca n't even have Holm defend the belt once between now and July . HTTPURL
negative	" @USER Good article , and good point about Sakho . He could be sat here now in the same situation as Kane , with people starting to doubt . "
positive	" Get paid on Friday and all I can think about wanting to do is go to the cinema to watch Ant-Man , too many good looking films coming out "
negative	" @USER We " " re barely 40 % to the IRA tally in England . Tolerance is high for this . Deaths will be sky-high before the march down Whitehall "
neutral	Well it 's official John cena vs Seth Rollins #TitleForTitle winner take on this Sunday at #summerslam #RAW
positive	Seeing Foo Fighters tonight for the first time since 8th grade ... so pumped #Grohl
positive	@USER suddenly remember he is ex Milan player .. and also his 1st goal for Milan when he was just < 1 minutes on the field ...
negative	Why is the @USER app so shit and does n't have show times for Paper Towns on Sunday ! ?
positive	" Carvel Ice Cream is celebrating National Ice Cream Day , Sunday , July 19 , with buy one , get one soft serve ones ... HTTPURL "
negative	British Government may face legal action 2 stop it exportin weapons 2 Saudi Arabia.Read : HTTPURL #independant #stoparmstrade
positive	#TrumpOnCNN Please add Carly Fiorina to the primary debate Sept 16th . Please start interviewing her on CNN she deserves more time on CNN
positive	Carly Fiorina may be moving up to the main debate stage thanks to this @USER change HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" Hulk Hogan apologises for his racist comment . : Terry Bollea was at " " Good Morning America " " on Monday and he tal ... HTTPURL "
neutral	[ ARIRANG ] SIMPLY KPOP - Kim Hyung Jun - Cross the line ( Feat . Ha Yeong of PLAYBACK ) HTTPURL
neutral	" John Cena Body Slams Jon Stewart Like He 's Amy Schumer In Trainwreck ! : He kinda had it coming ! On Sunday , Jon ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Sangha is BJP MARGA DARSHAK , but not like 10 Jan path.Sangha has no political ambitions , it is4all , Muslims also . HTTPURL "
positive	MONDAY NIGHT RAW was a surprise when Sting came out at the end.Perhaps he will put an end to Seth Rollins Triple H 's baby boy .
negative	Harrowingly fawning article about George Osborne ( warning : may cause severe nausea ) HTTPURL
negative	FUCK ! Either i get bit or i turn off my fucking PS4 ! I ain't finna sit thru Lee 's death for the 2nd time ! #PS4share HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci trousers atman conviction may bring up the match your implicative avant-garde elevation against supporti ...
negative	" In December 27 , 2008 Israel started it 's war on Gaza with a massacre , killing more than 200 Palestinian in one day HTTPURL "
neutral	" Our last saturday night , Thor the movie , tonite ironing 2 basket pakaian .. hadooohhh ... maid maid maid ... HTTPURL "
neutral	HTTPURL This is the Link to the Twilight run this coming Thursday @USER ... HTTPURL
negative	" Toews backing Kane & Voynov arrested by Immigration in US . Oh , tomorrow is going to be an icky NHL news / comment day . "
neutral	" Murray two sets to love down . Think the broadcaster may want to turn the volume down , quiet a few F 's coming from Murray ! #USOpen2015 "
neutral	" Sometimes I forget Zayn left one direction , and then when the realisation hits and it 's 25th March all over again "
positive	So happy David Wright is coming back tomorrow ! ! ! Hopefully he an stay off the DL . Another big bat in the lineup ! ! ! #WrightTime #LGM
positive	Say hello to Vince and April ! Our first ever Murray 's Students of the Month ! Check out our blog to read all about ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Wayans brothers need to be in the new Friday movie wit Ice Cube , Chris Tucker , and Kevin Hart . No question . "
positive	Sat for 3 hours in a restaurant to watch Rousey for 34 sec . & I would do it again ! ! ! #Rousey #BestFight @USER @USER
positive	" Carly Fiorina , as part of the Presidential Caucus Series , will be speaking at the town hall meeting this Friday , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	UEFA to study the case tomorrow and make a decision . Both Real Madrid and Manchester United want the deal completed . #DeGeaMissedDeadline
neutral	Thursday night spent feeling sad n listening to Sam smith lol the usual xox
negative	" I wish I was excited right now for Sharknado 3 . But I 'm not . I 'll catch it later on today , or tomorrow on my DVR . "
positive	" Another huge endorsement for Corbyn , if George Osborne is against you , then you must be on the right side . HTTPURL "
negative	Regardless of whether they are Muslims . I do n't understand the French mayor who says he 'll only accept Christians :( HTTPURL
neutral	They said they 'll try and get Jack and Jack on the line later today or tomorrow to talk about Calibraska !
neutral	No ! R u sure ? I didnt even know Milan is polluted . I thought all time is cleaned . To know I 'm in LA to take the sun .
neutral	" @USER Not sure if you 'd enjoy them , but Forever the Sickest Kids . Coasts . Possibly Owl City ? Sam Smith . The Neighborhood . U may ? ? "
neutral	" I know Battle of 5 Armies 's script was written 1st , but they do so much in post these days.Are we sure none of it was inspired by Sharknado ? "
neutral	Tommy Milone shut out the White Sox for seven innings Wednesday to improve to 7-4 . #Twins
neutral	@USER and i can see Zayn 's long eyelashes in what looks like sun rays above the wing ...
negative	@USER @USER That is insane Israel going after agricultural crops too ? May be crops are terrorist .
neutral	This Thursday night in #Smackdown it 's a big 8 man tag team match randy Orton reigns Ambrose cesaro vs shamus Owens Luke an Wyatt #RAW
neutral	Debating if I should look hella gucci tomorrow or just gucci
positive	Boruto : Naruto the Movie 's September 9 Philippine Premiere Revealed ! Film will open exclusively in SM Cinemas ... HTTPURL
positive	" It 's National Ice Cream Day on Sunday , July 19 . Get the ice cream scoop . HTTPURL #nationalicecreamday "
positive	" Obama signed a law TODAY making gifts of up to $ 100,000 from an IRA tax-free again . If you want to give to the Foundation , call us Monday . "
negative	Christians refused to convert to Islam . #ISIS killed them all on the spot as they sat in their own living-room . #RIP HTTPURL
positive	@USER Happy 2nd Birthday to Prince George ! Hope he has a fantastic day !
positive	@USER When you think of wrestling 1 person comes to mind 1st and That 's Hulk Hogan
positive	Did you know that ' David Bowie ' was Trending Topic on Friday 20 for 4 hours in Amsterdam ? HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	" Paul McCartney is playing First Niagara Center on Thursday , October 22 . I heard he was pretty good . "
positive	Absolute 90s just won Sunday by playing the Nirvana NTV Unplugged cover of The Man Who Sold The World . Helped my catastrophic hangover .
positive	love how she is always with my favorites like 1st Shawn and now Niall
neutral	fortunefilmz Ighalo absence raises questions about Super Eagles forward options : Sunday Oliseh threw a major c ... HTTPURL
positive	" Was listening to Kendrick 's " " Black Friday " " and I 'm pretty sure it took my Call of Duty online to a entirely new level .. "
neutral	Brock Lesnar wins on Sunday with a low blow into an F5 ... right ?
positive	" ICYMI : #BlueJays David Price earned his 100th career victory on Saturday against the #Orioles ( 7.0 IP , 3 H , 1 ER , 4 BB , 8 K ) "
negative	Sharknado may be the worst movie ever created
neutral	" Published on Sep 2 , 2015 Rowen County Clerk Kim Davis " " Stands Firm " " against the Supreme Court on Gay Marriage ... HTTPURL "
negative	George Osborne got away with his Big Lie . Brace yourselves for the real cuts HTTPURL
neutral	Some band nearby playing U2 ' s Sunday Bloody Sunday . That 's better than the terrible music my neighbors usually play
negative	I hope the servers for the new naruto game are great . Cause the 3rd ' s game server sucks ass
neutral	One of the pitchers the Tigers got in David Price deal . HTTPURL
neutral	Follow the top David Bowie stories for Dec 19 on our topical page : HTTPURL
negative	It 's Friday . Why are n't you looking at Hulk Hogan 's @USER - replies to see him individually thank black people who say he is n't racist ?
positive	" @USER never seen Frank Gifford play , but grew up watching him on Monday nights , thanks you Mr Gifford rip "
positive	" I watched Sharknado 3 : Oh Hell No ! today and it was really really awesome ! Better than 2nd , better or on par with 1st . The Hoff on the moon ! "
negative	I used to love John Cena until it started being reported that he was politicking Nikki 's push . It seems obvious . HTTPURL
negative	Bautista : We 've got David Price going tomorrow . I do n't think they feel good right now going home . ( 2 of 2 )
positive	I love Monday Night football . Frank Gifford was so great with Dandy Don Al Michaels . We love you Frank . @USER Sorry 4your loss
negative	" @USER U have only issue with Hindu festival , why u do n't speak about EID celebration , xmas & every Friday when lac gather 1 / n "
positive	Kendrick is on top of the game in my opinion . His bars are incomparable to any others right now . Black Friday is fire
positive	I want Friday to come faster bc : HTTPURL Myself comes out 2.Im seeing Paper Towns again 3.My freakin ' cute niece comes
negative	Gutted #MUFC have fell out with Real Madrid . No chance we 'll sign Bale and Ramos in January now .
neutral	David Wright misses 115 games and the 3rd pitch he sees is one of the furthest homeruns he 's ever hit ... #LetsGoMets
negative	They 're going to release info and tickets for the JaDine World Tour on Dec 25 where is the chill people I need to see ' em in Milan wtf .
neutral	Did David Price come out for the 9th as a righty ? #Price #Lowe #BlueJays
neutral	Hulk Hogan fired from WWE - was it because of Racist recordings ! ? HTTPURL
negative	" Did n't show up for Charlie Hebdo march . Did n't light up WH in blue / white / red . Late to moment of silence . But his heart is in it , America . "
neutral	" We wish we may , we wish we might ... check out the newest Farmers Market at Twilight @USER #tucson #twilight HTTPURL "
neutral	Last day of Eid is feeling like Sunday before Monday .
positive	" July 19th is National Ice Cream Day ! We want to know what your favorite Ice Cream place in Chester County is , post below ! "
positive	When you 're leaving Saturday but your cousin offers you an extra Foo Fighters ticket ...
neutral	" The Final Frontier is the fifteenth studio album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden , released on 13 August ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Niall cares about the price of tickets because they are very expensive as if an angel love , though I may not also go - _ - @USER "
positive	" So Laisha , how do you spend your Saturday nights ? Oh you know , I watch twilight ... by myself ... And eat "
neutral	@USER Hey Ryan ! Would you consider having on Audrey Middleton from CBS 's Big Brother ? She made history being the 1st transgender on it !
neutral	" Sunday recovery continues with this , then Ant-Man HTTPURL "
neutral	' Josh Hamilton ' appeared on Saturday 25 at the 18th place in the Top 20 of United States 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	The footage was shot in January after the Charlie Hebdo attacks Viral HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	" Ok , she 's against gay marriage & blah blah , but she 's been married 4 times . Is n't divorce frowned upon in the bible ? HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER @USER and if there had been no talking w / Gerry Adams & others from the IRA , there would be NO GOOD FRIDAY AGREEMENT . "
neutral	Kris Bryant sneaks one just above Ryan Braun 's glove into the right field basket . 16th of the year . 1-1 i the 2nd . #Cubs
neutral	Josh Hamilton stays chill after putting the @USER on top 4-3 in the 11th .
negative	" hey frank ocean , i know u been fuckin with us on your new album shit , but dont u dare drop it on the 28th k thank u "
neutral	In the mood for some Yoga ? There will be a Yoga session from 12:30- 1:30 pm in the Baltic room on Wednesday 9-17- 15 . Water will be provided .
positive	Tomorrow my day will begin with the loud crack of a snare drum ... Like a Rolling Stone turns 50 / via @USER HTTPURL
negative	i 'm still sad that shawn is coming tomorrow and im not going ):
neutral	" 1st look at the new cover for Entertainment Weekly with Chris Evans , Robert Downey Jr and Chadwick Boseman as ... HTTPURL "
positive	We 're howling with our new friends at Swaders Sports Park in Prince George for their 9th birthday celebration ! ... HTTPURL
positive	" Zac Brown Band , September 11th , we 're going @USER "
positive	" @USER When I think of Frank Gifford , I think of him as the guy on Monday Night Football than his playing career . "
neutral	I just watching Sharknado 3 AND Piranha DD . How 's your Saturday night going ?
neutral	I 'm going back to staring at Chris Evans on tumblr and then I 'm going to be . I will deal with them tomorrow
neutral	I feel like Kris Bryant has something he 's not telling everyone every single time I see him . HTTPURL
positive	" @USER @USER @USER 2nd to Kendrick in terms of lyrics . If he was more well known and could get better production , his "
positive	" @USER Amongst a body of work that is superlative , this may sit near the top ; freedom passage is writerly elegance Nirvana "
neutral	" . @USER remembers Cilla Black , Tuesday at 12pm ET / 9am PT on East Village Radio . ( Cilla with Paul McCartney ) HTTPURL "
neutral	" in Turin , from 3rd row South i did n't see much of U2 but i can tell you each brand of phones and cameras there were . "
neutral	#RAW This Sunday Brock Lesnar will remember you the same way WWE remembers Hulk Hogan
positive	Taking my kids to meet father Christmas tomorrow . Then it 's off to Milan on Sunday to show the Italian press our amazing game . Magnifico !
negative	I just sat through a whole Naruto theme song and now I wanna punch my ears .
positive	" For those that wanna see Inside Amy Schumer 's Golden Globes , it may happen ! #cantwait HTTPURL "
neutral	" #BlueJays WIN 9-2 ! Oh , and David Price & Josh Donaldson are both Blue Jays . Also .. we are now 0.5 GB of the Yankees for 1st in the AL East ! "
neutral	Moto G ( 3rd gen ) vs . Moto X Play specs : What 's the difference ? HTTPURL
neutral	Tweeps ; Paris is under curfew . There are no mass demontrations taking place . The pics going around are from Charlie Hebdo in Jan .
negative	Absolutely mortified and gutted that Sam Smith may be doing the new Bond song :(
positive	DBSK is the 1st kpop group I stan - even though the song that got me in to kpop was a Japanese Opening from my favourite anime .
neutral	Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean concert tonight and leave for Mammoth tomorrow ... one could say I 'm spoiled with greatness rn
neutral	I think @USER may owe an apology to the Japanese as much as he does to Muslims . HTTPURL
positive	" The name 's Smith , Sam Smith . The songsmith 's just been confirmed as the #SPECTRE singer , hear his Bond song " " Writing 's on the Wall " " Sept 25 "
negative	Why would the sun publish such a big announcement of 1D splitting up and not like what they did with Zayn on FB ?
neutral	" Amy Schumer Gets Realer Than Real About the Kardashians , Women 's Magazines , and #ffshoes HTTPURL HTTPURL "
negative	Scott Walker is a despicable prick .. may he get cancer .. and roast in hell !
neutral	Chris Evans reveals the new Top Gear will return to our screens on May 8 HTTPURL
positive	" Like The Bee Gees , the 2nd time around , Jesus / Emmanuel will become a word Jonathan said ... Anti-Fragile Correct ... HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER u just duped that kid . Prince George is n't 2nd in line , William is . Prince Charles is 1st "
positive	Sadie is listening to sam smith rn even though she 's going to his concert tomorrow lol ok
neutral	HEY ! ! ! I 'm selling two Sam Smith tickets for this Saturday . DM me if you 're interested ! ! !
neutral	Last Monday on raw Seth Rollins he was talking about John cena nose #SmackDown
neutral	" Synard 's Simple Man , Morrissey 's Everyday Is Like Sunday , and Katy Perry 's Teenage Dream give me all the same feels . "
neutral	John Kasich has had a good first week as a presidential candidate . Vaults the pack to 3rd in NH HTTPURL
neutral	Check out the new Iron Maiden Video from their forthcoming album Book of Souls out September 4th ! \ m / Listen to ... HTTPURL
positive	#ImNotSuperstitiousBut I have to watch Sharknado tonight and Sharknado 2 and the premiere of Sharknado 3 tomorrow . #SyFy
negative	Why is May Vaseline talking about Zayn like they 're best friends ?
neutral	NEWS To mark Prince George 's 2nd birthday a new photo has been released of the toddler & Prince William today HTTPURL
negative	@USER obviously you are glad the Christians in Europe may solve a Middle East problem ! Shame on you mr Hassan
positive	" @USER New Iron Maiden album on the 4th of September ~ Has their longest eversong on it , which is why that reminded me . "
neutral	" @USER As usual , @USER has the most compelling argument in favor of Christians to exercise their 1st Amendment religion rights . "
neutral	Look for me on @USER tomorrow at 7:34 am talking about @USER ' s exclusive : Hulk Hogan Apologizes for ' Unacceptable ' Racist Rant
neutral	India has old ties with Iran . Lot of us speak Urdu which has a lot of Farsi in it . HTTPURL
negative	" Rebel chief death may hurt Syria talks , boost Islamic State : analysts : Backed by Saudi Arabia , Jaish al Islam was one of the most inf ... "
negative	" @USER @USER This does n't feel like Big Brother , but rather an episode of " " Are you smarter than a 5th grader ? " " "
neutral	Who 's going to Tampa on the 10th to see Ed Sheeran ? #music #EdSheeran
negative	Hulk Hogan may have made some racist remarks . On a larger note he made his no-talent behemoth of a daughter famous .
neutral	HTTPURL Yoga returns to Miss Master 's Closet with a NEW SCHEDULE : Sundays at 9am beginning September 13th !
neutral	" When Earth 2.0 is 9th trending on twitter , way after ' Hulk Hogan says nigger ' you know its time for our extinction "
neutral	Real Madrid defender Alvaro Arbeloa is considering a January move due to a lack of playing time at the Santiago Bernabeu .
neutral	@USER did they have Brock lesnar shirts at the live show on Sunday ?
neutral	That sax on Katy Perry 's Last Friday Night tho . Hrd Kenny G was behind it
positive	" @USER good night Shawn , I have to wake up early for School is tomorrow but I want to say that I love you "
positive	@USER God bless you for standing for liberty and evangelical Christians and the 1st Amendment . We need more people like you !
neutral	" FRANK GIFFORD , the football star turned longtime broadcaster , died SUNDAY of natural causes at his CONNECTICUT ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Eid is on the 23rd and 24th of September , si they just extend to Friday so we can have a 5 day holiday :-) "
positive	" look , im probably the most powerful and devastating thug that can quote the entirety of U2 ' s October album "
neutral	" @USER Yeah . In the case of England , when ( I live in hope ) they have Rooney , Sturridge , Kane and Welbeck fit they may be forced to "
negative	" @USER It 's from January in response to the Charlie Hebdo shooting . Misleading , I 'll admit . But certainly an indication of character . "
positive	Do n't Forget : FREE YOGA at our Clarendon location tomorrow at 8: 30 am ! Enjoy a class with one of our staff members . HTTPURL
neutral	Ice Cube 's Friday ona Friday just slaps too hard .
negative	@USER Terry bolea may be racist but I refuse to believe the Hulk Hogan is anything but a true American Hero #brother @USER
positive	" Happy Birthday George , you cutie . Royals celebrate Prince George 's 2nd birthday HTTPURL via @USER "
neutral	Seriously debating going to see Paper Towns on my own tomorrow
neutral	Sam Smith ' Joining @USER in the @USER Live Lounge for #R1LiveLoungeMonth ! Tune in Sept 16th from 11am ' #Caracal #OMEN @USER
positive	Zac Brown Band now occupy the 3rd and 4th positions on the Billboard country album chart - Sam Hunt still number one . HTTPURL
neutral	" Mom takes dgtr to meet Rousey b / c she suspects they may share same speech impediment , apraxia HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	" Happy 2nd #birthday to Prince George of Cambridge , as he celebrates his cherished day in #style . #Royal #Fashion HTTPURL "
negative	2nd time going to Dunkin today and there closed . Like no this is not ok
positive	" chris evans , robert downey jr , krysten ritter and fob are all on jimmy kimmel tonight omg i think i may cry "
neutral	" In Thursday 's GOP presidential debate , John Kasich and Donald Trump will have the least scripted responses . "
neutral	UNDER PRESSURE by QUEEN AND DAVID BOWIE was no . 2 in the UK charts on 10 December 1981 HTTPURL
neutral	" So , who 's coming over tomorrow night to watch Sharknado 3 with me ? "
neutral	" Nigerian Football Federation ex-secretary-general , Taiwo Ogunjobi has pleaded with fans to give Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh more time . "
positive	" just out in Pinellas : Steve Miller Band , Metallica ( MINT 1st pressing ) , Rolling Stones , T.Rex , Doors , Band , Neil Young , Iron Maiden , Hendrix "
neutral	Gucci host you acquiescence january fetch up the set of two yours personality by annexation in consideration o ...
neutral	" So , I 'm going to Israel tomorrow . "
neutral	" @USER tell him that you 'll meet at Ryan Braun 's loft next Saturday , since you know where that is already . "
positive	" Straight Outta Compton dragged a little in the 3rd act but was very good . Laughs , tears . And O'Shea Jackson Jr . WAS Ice Cube ! "
negative	Today I sat down and make a conscious effort to try to actually like a U2 song . Unsuccessful .
neutral	@USER May the policy is correct.NDA should have done Yakub body too .
neutral	" Thursday Final Ratings : Astronaut Wives & Under the Dome Flat , Big Brother Slips & ' Beauty and the Beast ' Rises #BatB HTTPURL "
neutral	" Was challenged to " " name the wrestler " " on quizup and I read it as " " weather " " . was very confuse when the 1st quest included a pic of John Cena "
neutral	" Chelsea are one of the #UCL finalist in Milan in may and I know everyone knows how we play a final winning game , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I 'll be at the WordPress Meetup in Milan next Tuesday - spots still available ! HTTPURL
positive	@USER Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day ! 7/23 they 're giving you 1/2 off the entire Hot Dog menu ! Plus new Waffle Dog on-a-stick !
positive	according to frank ocean it must be July 55th
positive	@USER interesting ... I just got my PS4 today . We may have to link up at some point before you go back to the dark side !
positive	So after watching Straight Outta Compton ( which was amazing ) Ice Cube may have had one of the best diss tracks of all time ! Lol
neutral	@USER And tonight featured David Bowie & rightly so . Think they may have remade original #TheSnowman & he did n't feature .
positive	I 'm gonna jump into @USER ' s window playing the John Cena anthem tomorrow night . FYI
negative	Alright if you hate Briana ok but like just ignore her do n't call her names just leave her be if we ignore this it may just leave
neutral	Congrats @USER on taking out the nearest the pin at the 5th hole in the Younger Members Xmas Twilight @USER
negative	I may pull out the hair I do n't have if I see another Rousey vs . Mayweather headline .
neutral	" @USER I was tempted to watch the returns at Chase with Curtis 's crew ( pretty sure I could actually get in ) , but I have to work tomorrow . "
neutral	" Basically my Sunday-Monday transition " " @USER : Nicki : thank you to my pastor Nicki : SO BITCH YOU WAS TALKIN MAD SHIT WHAT UP W THAT " " "
positive	Aaah I just noticed that shawn will only be two hours away from me tomorrow
negative	" Lady Gaga Just Interrupted Matt Bomer 's " " Hotline Bling " " Dance Break on AHS : Hotel and We May Never Forgive Her : Do n't you just hate i ... "
neutral	Mark Your Calendar ! September 12th from 8: 00am to 11:00 am If you live near Prince George 's Community College and ... HTTPURL
neutral	Randy Orton and Sheamus wrestling for the 12th time in 3 years . Hopefully make it a 12th mediocre match in a row .
neutral	Gov . Obiano Revealed on Friday that the move to relocate Boko Haram prisoners to Anambra was concluded under GEJ !
negative	Curtis : We wo n't be going to the Etihad to make up the numbers HTTPURL
neutral	So Dean Ambrose does n't have a match tomorrow ... Dean & Undertaker do n't have any feuds going on if you catch mu drift . #DeanVsTaker
neutral	@USER I had made a purchase of Moto G 3rd Gen and was eligible for Moto 360 @USER Re 1 & 100 % cashback.Where can I check the list of winners ?
neutral	if the retaliation to Friday is more destruction can we at least have tony blair tried for the war crimes he committed
positive	I hung out with Paul McCartney last night ! ! ! It may or may not have been while I was sleeping and dreaming about it .
neutral	Go Set a Watchman comes out on Tuesday ? Might read it . Or maybe I 'll retread To Kill a Mockingbird first . Summer read number 4 ?
neutral	" Dustin Johnson has become notorious for choking on Sunday at any tournament with the word " " Open " " in it "
positive	" @USER You 're cool as always , Cara #CJD <3 Gonna watch Paper Towns this coming Saturday . Love you to the moon and back ! :) "
positive	Dustin johnson always starts well 1st round leader 20/1 ! ! Must had a fat one b4 he started ! !
neutral	" Does this picture look sadly familiar ? Do n't worry , our ' Yoga from the Sky ' class held each Wednesday morning on ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER @USER both of you , get started with your Honest trailer and EWW for Ant-man . You have until next Tuesday to do it ! :D "
neutral	" WWE doing another live special on he Network , this time from MSG ' featuring Brock Lesnar ' - October 3rd . #SummerSlam "
negative	" Dustin Johnson having a complete meltdown on the 1st hole , on the green in 6 or 7 I 've lost count . #PGAChampionship "
positive	@USER I 'm doing everything I can to be there on 13th February at the Legend Club in Milan ' cause you 're the best band out there
neutral	ok so i know that yall are into kpop now but why havent i seen anything about BoA eat you up was my 7th grade Jam
positive	Just woke up and Calibraska is already 16th in the UK ! I need to buy it asap HTTPURL
neutral	Seth rollins on monday night raw in San Jose California August 3 at the sap center HTTPURL
neutral	Someone hangout with me tomorrow so I can show them the dance I made to Bad Blood . It 's pretty fucking sick .
neutral	A1 : The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner - Iron Maiden . Self-inflicted with 8 PM bedtimes on Saturday nights . Am I right ? #runchat
positive	" Josh Hamilton can strike out 4 times but if bats in the 9th or later , he will win you the baseball game . "
neutral	Who wants to see Ant-man with me tomorrow :/ /
negative	" George Lincoln Rockwell was one of the 1st to recognize that Conservatives like @USER Buckley , Goldwater & Reagan were #Cucks for Israel . "
neutral	" 14 - Aug The day of independence , The day of Sacrifices of Muslims , The Victory of Pakistan , I proud to be a ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Police deny knowledge of Boko Haram in Enugu : The Enugu State Police Command on Monday said it was n ... HTTPURL #oladeile
positive	" Tomorrow during Happy Hour 5:30- 7:00 pm is the COORS LIGHT Jason Aldean ticket giveaway , Stop in to win at Tin Pan Alley Tavern 267-571-2900 "
neutral	" The Hokage sat at his desk , it was getting dark and he was getting ready to go home . Another quiet day at the office . Naruto had been in - "
positive	@USER Tuesday morning raw is awesome John cena with AAAA
negative	Electorate persists in thinking innumerate George Osborne is economically astute just because he looks like an arse . HTTPURL
negative	Does anybody in Pittsburgh want a ticket to see the Foo Fighters on Tuesday at 7 ? It pains me to miss the show but ...
positive	" My Friday night is going to be me eating a lot of food , watching Naruto and maybe some air guitar . "
positive	@USER @USER oml so this just happend 1st time ever but love you guys and Calibraska is bae asf HTTPURL
neutral	" From July 27 2015 , Rowdy Roddy Piper giving his opinion on Hulk Hogan ( and the " " racist " " comments ) . Probably his ... HTTPURL "
neutral	It 's still Eid . 3rd day of EID .
neutral	JUST IN : Paul McCartney is set to perform at the BJC on October 15th ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Slider to center by Mark Trumbo and that will do for the top 3rd . Mariners lead White Sox , 4-0 . "
positive	Signing off for Shabbat Shalom . May the Jewish state of Israel continue to be a loving & peaceful place for all . HTTPURL
neutral	The @USER bucket list . 1 . Get an insurmountable lead . Check 2 . Get swept by the 4th place White Sox . Check 3 . Make your fans sweat . Check
neutral	George Harrison was a customer : Storied Staten Island guitar store may close if it can't find a buyer HTTPURL @USER
positive	" PRINCE GEORGE TURNS TWO ! " " We are mildly amused , ' the young Prince was quoted as saying upon 1st cake-nibble . DN HTTPURL "
neutral	Im so nervous bc my cousin and I going to buy the ticket to see Shawn in September 12th
negative	Briana just sat her ass there while Matt said he 's done with her sister ? This chic ! She deserves everything she gets ! #LittleWomenLA
positive	Receiving an email from BAM in which Ice Cube and Ingrid Bergman were uttered in the same breath may have just made my day .
neutral	" @USER Did you know that the Director and Ice Cube created the " " Bye Felicia " " phrase when they did the movie Friday together ? "
negative	Just watched the Caitlyn Jenner shit for the 1st time ... Ummmm he still sound just like Bruce . NEVER WATCHING AGAIN
negative	@USER dead ass this like the 3rd time I 'm still Gucci gang
negative	Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter stemming from Fe - KXXV-TV ... - KXXV News Channel 25 : KXXV Ne ... HTTPURL
positive	Paul Dunne going to make history tomorrow #IrishEyesAreSmiling
neutral	I am looking at restoring the Prophetic Ministry . It may look like a Sharknado at full throttle . @USER @USER HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci bags pleasure principle reception december rarefy the two-sided yours fellow to adjunct on ignoratio ele ...
neutral	Red Sox crumbling in the 10th and the Yanks lost too go jays goooooo
neutral	" Tuesday 's #JimBohannonShow : A look at the John Kasich campaign and the momentum it seems to be generating with @USER . Then , + "
positive	I 'm glad I 've already seen Frank Ocean live because he may never perform again at this rate .
positive	Gotta have a Callahan 's Hot Dog Thursday for National Hot Dog Day with all the trimmings Fries or Onion Rings and Root Beer .
negative	I did n't exactly want to spend my Tuesday morning memorizing the geographical features in Saudi Arabia .. But okay
neutral	@USER definetly I wish we can go back to how it used to be right now can we stay the same me when can see u Monday @USER 12pm by dunkin
neutral	" I added a video to a @USER playlist HTTPURL Sheamus explains why he will take down Randy Orton : SmackDown , July 30 , "
neutral	" 911 , Charlie Hebdo and Friday the 13th at the Stade De France all have one thing in common ... HTTPURL "
neutral	i 'm going to see Paper Towns with my brother tomorrow we might kill each other before we leave the theater
neutral	Tired of Mark May trying to sell you on VT having a shot ? Well Anderson vs Murray has been worth all 4 hours thus far . #USOpen #ESPN2
neutral	" @USER I smirked , I promise not to tease you about it tomorrow lol . Same , lots of Bad Blood though . "
neutral	" @USER Love the notion , just note this was from the Charlie Hebdo attack in January not today 's escapade . "
neutral	@USER what do you think about the reaction is going to be for Josh Hamilton tomorrow first game back in Anaheim ?
positive	Nicki did that for white media Idgaf . Nicki may act like she do n't give af but she cares what the media thinks
neutral	Murray v Anderson 5 a piece in the 3rd set Kevin Anderson has won the 1st 2 sets
neutral	Real Madrid 's goalkeeper Keylor Navas sat on a private jet for an hour as he waited to see i ... HTTPURL
neutral	No disrespect to kendrick but march madness was the song of the year if not the greatest song of all time
negative	Lady Gaga you turn me on in such weird ways . I 'll bite your ass 1st home girl
positive	Al Michaels & Frank Gifford provided the soundtrack for Monday Night Football when I was just getting into the game . A true Renaissance man .
neutral	Kane really missed Eriksen today . Hardly got a sniff . Still did very well in the 2nd half . Definitely needs someone to support him
neutral	Why could n't terry have taken David wright out in the 5th inning yesterday so he could play today
negative	" I may never get the " " It " " girl that is Amy Schumer [ shrug ] "
positive	if kanye west runs for president and gets it this means Kim kardashian will be the 1st lady oh my god the world is a beautiful place
neutral	@USER you just get yourself right skip ... Milan in May
negative	" Ugh , it 's gonna be so embarrassing to have to go to work tomorrow , having not been being crowned Miss USA tonight . "
negative	Police arrests Boko Haram commander linked with suicide attacks : Nigeria 's secret police said Sunday it had ar ... HTTPURL
negative	" The leader of Boko Haram sect , Abubakar Shekau is missing in a new video released by the sect today August 3rd ... HTTPURL "
positive	Chris 's boss gave us tickets to the Sam Smith concert tomorrow . We 're probably not going to go but what a nice gift .
negative	" As the world marks International Human Rights Day on Thursday , Iran is continuing its execution spree & #160 ; with the announcement that a "
negative	#YakubDebate Gurdaspur terror attack is likely turn the public opinion against Yakub who may not get any relief from any quarter now .
neutral	Did I mention that for my brothers 17th birthday he asked for and received John Cena merch .
negative	" I remember Chad calling Boko Haram " " school boys " " Vowing to end them in two weeks .. Now he knows what 's up HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER me when Niall broke his leg for the 5th time
neutral	" @USER " " with me .. naked ? " " Thor rubbed his face and then sat down on the couch looking at him .. "
positive	" Frank Gifford , Howard Cosell and " " Dandy Don " " Meredith made Monday Night Football what it is . Rest in peace , guys . You were a hoot . "
neutral	@USER will make Floyd Mayweather her bitch . i 'll give her 35 seconds 1st round ;)
positive	Undertaker vs Brock Lesnar may just be interesting #SummerSlam #Raw
neutral	We will do Croke Park - Dana White 's promise to Irish MMA fans is the 10th of its kind HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	Sending my sincere prayers & condolences to the Gifford family on Frank Gifford 's passing . May he rest in peace .
neutral	" Worth reading . Another troubling argument for why the publication of " " Watchman " " may have been an act of elder abuse . HTTPURL "
positive	" My sermon this lovely Sunday is taken from Islam . My favorite quote from Islam is this , " " Live your life as if you ... HTTPURL "
negative	Rousey vs . Holm may be the biggest waste of a UFC card I 've ever seen .
negative	@USER @USER Flipkart is n't letting me exchange my Moto G 2nd gen mobile . They are cancelling my orders . You just lost a buyer .
positive	Friday night relaxin : Watch the new David Bowie video Blackstar . #davidbowie #spacemusic #blackstar HTTPURL
negative	" @USER ice Cube says it in the movie " " Friday " " but everyone just says it to say it for some odd , dumb reason . "
positive	" Picked up a PS4 controller for PC gaming , very pleased . Day and night difference compared to the cheap 3rd party gamepad I 've been using . "
positive	" It 's Friday , the sun is shining here in Newport , we have a long weekend ahead , and Tom Brady will be on the field ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Sir , if ur n Chicago , c Sir Paul McCartney , July 31 . Met him in NY other day . He 'll be xcellent . M sure he 'd confirm I 'd get ratings "
neutral	" David Price is my late uncle 's nephew . Although he may not remember me or know me personally , there is no ... HTTPURL "
negative	All my friends are going to the Sam Smith concert tomorrow and I got offered a ticket but ya girl ain't got $ 145 so I 'm maddddd
neutral	@USER CURTIS - WELCOME ( and may I add how utterly original of you old tater ) LOL HTTPURL
neutral	" & #160 ; Aug 9 ( Reuters ) - Frank Gifford , a star on the football field for the New York Giants and later a star in the broadcasting booth as "
neutral	Kane : I 'm no flash in the pan : Harry Kane can understand why people may say he could be a ' o ... HTTPURL #soccer #football
negative	Why is my TL so dead um is it Kpop is dead Friday or something ? ? ?
neutral	Just realizing Bankroll Fresh had the 3rd verse on Gucci song Shooter .
neutral	Tomorrow 's national hot dog day
neutral	If I have an extra ticket to see Justin Bieber in July ... who 's coming with ?
negative	" The rejuvenation of TFI Friday , ergo giving Chris Evans the opportunity to appear on TV more , is very disheartening . "
positive	" Sunday Oliseh 's Super Eagles captain Ahmed Musa delivers the first goal under his regime as Team Manager , let 's fly ! "
neutral	Gucci plenty breath hopeful prognosis may widen the brace your physiological individual entrance proliferation ...
neutral	GUYS WERE ARE 17TH PLACE AND JUST YESTERDAY WE WERE 16TH PLACE PLEASE KEEP VOTING . WHAT'S WRONG ? Make the boys proud ! #MTVStars The Vamps .
negative	Why can't Kendrick rap on every song like he did Black Friday . Old Kendrick is better .
neutral	" #instagood #food Yankees hit 3 HRs in 8 - run 2nd inning , beat Red Sox 13-8 and leave Fenway with series victory HTTPURL "
negative	@USER in sorry but my aunt listens to all Kpop and she never heard of ok now yea my fanbase may get mad and start shit but this time
positive	" Royal Blood play with Foo Fighters @USER MK tomorrow . 2 of the bands I 'm desperate to see , in one place . Ca n't wait ! RB were awesome at Reading ! "
neutral	The Yankees have the sharp lefty MATT MOORE on the hill against Eovaldi tomorrow . So give David Price some runs .
positive	Flashback Friday to pre opening for @USER Ca n't wait to do it all again September 10th for Jason Aldean ! ! HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER I know , everyone is slowly losing the battle against shaytaan . Islam is a struggle to follow nowadays . May Allah strengthen us "
positive	Got Murray at 7 . Surprised but my cousin took Antonio Brown at # 2 . Rodgers fell to me in the 2nd . Stashed Foster away in the 7th . Love it .
neutral	" @USER , because that " " belief " " was actually law , I could agree . Tom Brady " " believed " " he may have known about deflated footballs ... "
positive	@USER YES ! ! I do love a bit of Zac Brown Band on my Sunday <3 Thank you so much : - )
positive	Dean Ambrose on commentary is about the only thing I 'm interested in right now . They should be saving these guys for Sunday !
positive	" It 's official : FINALLY get to go see Ant-Man tomorrow ! ! First real day off in 2 months ! ! So stoked - NO SPOILERS , MARVEL NATION ! ! "
positive	@USER jenna I 'm meeting you with one of my dearest friends in February in Milan are you excited to see us :)
neutral	" @USER Quest for Fire - Iron Maiden , because we 've lost the sun and we must find it soon . "
neutral	@USER 1st Louis does n't like blond hair he lvs brown hair ! 2nd Harry has dimples ! 3rd Harry is cute af ! So Briana can get lost !
negative	Chuck Norris was born of the Greek gods Ares and Hermes in a grand session of buttsecks that may never be equaled .
positive	It 's the first of August and started off good with Ant-Man .
neutral	Trayce Thompson 's 2 - run single pushes White Sox ahead 7-1 in the 7th . Thrown out trying to get to 2nd to end inning .
negative	Nobody wants to hear about that jerk anymore . Or Ryan Braun . Or any other cheating roid rage jerk HTTPURL
neutral	What is NIPPU ? Is it an ideology ? A form of dissension ? Or a pathway to nirvana ? I must admit that they may be all three ...
positive	@USER Go with Moto G 3rd Gen its best in this range :)
positive	Randy Orton vs . Sheamus has been added to the #WWEBattleground match card . I 'm pumped about going to it on Sunday .
negative	" @USER who knows , Hulk Hogan may run , according to his Facebook . Because he can't keep his mouth shut . "
negative	" And come April , all the Celtic supporting wannabe IRA heads who do n't even know their own history will go on the ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Man ! Frank Gifford died . I was too young to remember his playing days , but he was a gem on Monday Night Football . #RIPFrankGifford "
positive	The weeknd and Ed Sheeran mixed together is the 8th wonder of the world
positive	Fantastic pitching by David Price ! 1st two get on and you got their best hitters coming up to the plate ... No problem gets them all out !
neutral	" Murray is so flat atm , if Anderson can get inspired at the start of the 2nd he can take control of this match . "
negative	" Lol desperate AF ! " " @USER : Dana White confirms UFC going to Brisbane , Australia on March 19 , 2016 #UFC193 " " "
neutral	" Frank Ocean fans starting to learn what being a @USER fan is like , but at least The Dream Walker was worth it HTTPURL "
negative	When you really bought a ticket and had planned to come from AZ for Frank Ocean & could give a shit less about Kanye HTTPURL
positive	What a great weekend . First Drake was in the ' Ville Saturday then Nicki went for Miley 's life tonight . What a time to be alive
neutral	" @USER pixels was sort of strange , inside out was amazing , and I may be seeing Paper Towns today , so I 'll let you know how it is ! "
positive	. @USER Paul Dunne should rock shorts tomorrow because as an amateur he can . #TourSauce
positive	" Review : Motorola G 3rd Gen : With its great camera and funky design , the new Moto G is a fantastic budget smart ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Once upon a time I was an anonymous blogger who made a blog inspired by Paper Towns quotations ( but deleted it bec may pakielamero badtrip )
neutral	" It 's not THE new album , but I 'll still take part two of the lonny breaux collection . C'mon frank ocean , we been waiting "
positive	@USER moderate NAT and freezing issue . I 'm used to the sweats ! ! I may buy a PS4 before release based on playability
neutral	Gucci trousers other self confidentness november snowball the duet yours different rapport reduction until nay ...
negative	@USER Reminds me of all those free-speech-suppressing leaders at the Charlie Hebdo march ...
neutral	" Live music news for #Brecon : Roachford playing @USER Sun , Sept 27 with the Christians #soul #rnb "
positive	For Christmas I got Justin Bieber Tickets ... holy fuck ... all this time I 'm finally going to see him in my very first concert on April 9th ! !
neutral	@USER Its 900p because we have 60 fps it may be 1080p on Ps4 but it lingers around 50fps
negative	" Yakub 's hanging may have created a fear in the minds of the terrorists , but it has n't created any difference in our country "
negative	You worry about your 2nd amendment america with a nra nut john kasich givin guns like candy its my life i worry about .. wild west mentality .
neutral	Kris Bryant is just too tall to play 3rd base
neutral	" Fiorina blasts Clinton , asks why Trump is MIA - Republican hopeful Carly Fiorina said Monday that she feels like t ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Its official : John Kasich is running for president , becoming the 16th major candidate seeking the GOPs 2016 nomination "
positive	" @USER @USER @USER I 'm a dumb , the missus booked a sofa at the electric tomorrow for Ant-Man . Fancy it tomorrow ? "
neutral	#chrisbrown #health Islamic State fighters fled their last bastion in the center of Ramadi Sunday night as Ira ... HTTPURL
neutral	i have a drive test tomorrow n i hope i get the same instructor that talked about nirvana with me the entire time .
neutral	" @USER @USER I do n't know enough to say for sure , but he may make us not miss saad ( if Kane is n't in prison ) "
negative	The only thing scarier than Kanye West running for president is that there 's a slight chance Kim Kardashian may be the First Lady ..
neutral	If you 're going to lolla tomorrow ... please do n't be stupid and miss Paul McCartney for The Weeknd .
neutral	" @USER Thanks . My dad gets CT scan results Thursday and Shawn 's dad is going through scans , too . "
positive	I 'm in Love with Mr . MARCH #MTVStars Lady Gaga HTTPURL
neutral	" At US Open , the Dustin Johnson choke was Sunday . At Open Championship , it began on Saturday . At PGA Championship , it is starting Thursday "
neutral	" @USER Rahul Gandhi should change his script writers and hire some talented ones . And , may be he should change his Guru Diggi ! "
neutral	Gucci variety unconscious hopes august chance the couplet yours distinguished sympathy liaison headed for arti ...
neutral	" Sunday Oliseh , the newly appointed Super Eagles handler has advised Nigerian players plying their trade at big ... HTTPURL "
positive	Kendrick Lamar 's Black Friday is prolly the nicest thing he 's done recently
positive	Double Eviction Night tomorrow ! A week of Big Brother in just one night ! Gotta see it tomorrow ! #BB17
neutral	I did n't tweet about this anywhere but on Friday i opened my calculator and it said John cena but I did n't have my phone to take a pic it
positive	We want Gaga in 1st #VideoMTV2015 Fifth Harmony #MTVStars Lady Gaga
neutral	" Bauer bears down , shakes off wildness - In a critical moment during a 3-2 win Monday over the White Sox , Indians s ... HTTPURL "
positive	The last time an amateur lead the @USER after 54 holes was Bobby Jones in 1927 ... Hope Paul Dunne can make history tomorrow !
neutral	Liam 's tattoo has the number 25 Zayn left on March 25 I 'm not saying ziam is real & alive but ziam is real & alive HTTPURL
neutral	Just because the sex tape may be of Briana does n't mean Louis is n't the dad like come on ...
positive	just tucked in Niall ! ! says he wants to go golfing and then train those chicken legs tomorrow . big day ahead of him . HTTPURL
positive	" Dustin Johnson makes an eagle on 16 to move to - 13 . He may not have a major , but boy is he wonderful to watch when on song . #USPGA "
neutral	" Ito Black Friday , kendrick Lamar 's remix genuinely reminds my why I think he 's the goat "
positive	with Zayn gone I can now definitively say that Louis is my favorite member of 1D . Harry a distant 2nd .
neutral	Mets captain David Wright returns to action tonight in his first game since April 14 .
negative	i want mildew clitoris off my tl i dont want her anywhere near nicki i dont want to see her rat ass ever again launch her into the sun
positive	Black Friday by J . Cole and Kendrick is soooo good and the ending of J . coles version had me dead
neutral	@USER is going to be arriving at the @USER tomorrow for the #UWEFreshers . Come and try Yoga for FREE ! HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER she asked if that part in the movie inspired the " " bye felicia " " for Friday & I 'm just saying maybe cause Ice Cube wrote it "
neutral	" Practice Today At Kane , Players be there 2:45 make sure everyone 's there , review for scrimmage on Saturday ! "
neutral	Aug 8 ( The Sports Xchange ) - David Price allowed three singles in seven innings while Justin Smoak became the first Blue Jay to hit a
negative	saving episode 12 for tomorrow because she made me angry and i just spent 13 hours playing naruto ultimate ninja 4 so my eyes are dead
negative	" We want to bomb Syria like there 's no tomorrow , but when will we finally jail Tony Blair and George Bush for their war crimes ? #Iraq2003 "
positive	" Enjoy , in case you missed National Ice Cream Day this past Sunday ... HTTPURL "
negative	@USER @USER marvi u better apologize to every Pakistani nd Muslims over ur non sense talk in 11th Hour or prepare 4 the Hell
neutral	Who 's tryna got see Ed Sheeran in On the 18th ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
neutral	Fuck that I want David Price 's 11s HTTPURL
positive	Kris Bryant is pretty good at baseball . I think he just might have a future in it . #youhearditherefirst HTTPURL
neutral	" Friday , December 11 , 2015 Tony Blair says he got David Cameron 's permission to warn Colonel Gaddafi to flee ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER @USER I 'll be home from work by around 9 EST latest , if y'all want to start a PS4 party for that tomorrow "
neutral	" If Chuck Norris can have a chill Friday , so can you . Come celeberate the weekend , and chill out on our patio with ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Iron Maiden released their new video on the 14th of august \ m /
neutral	" @USER I apologize for the inconvenience . I 'm with Ira , may I know if you 're still unable to use your Spotif ... HTTPURL "
negative	" ffs Louis is the fucking sun , Niall is holding his damn guitar , Liam is the only one singing seriously & no one knows wtf Harry 's doing "
positive	I just sat down in my apartment to watch the Red Sox on my very own TV for the first time ... and I got there in time for God Bless America .
positive	May or may not be addicted to the cold apple cider from Dunkin
neutral	" Kim Kardashian Shows Off ' Gorgeous ' Roses from Celeb Pals Like Chrissy Teigen and John ... : On Thursday , the r ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" With this silence , he may very well just tweet out the link to Joey Fatone 's open letter to One Direction ( read : Niall , Louis & Liam ) . "
positive	The tix have been purchased . Saturday is Star Wars Day for me and the Mister . Gotta love reserve seating !
neutral	" @USER Yes , Kookie is the 2nd worst wrecker . Jimin is the # 1 bias wrecker . There 's no one in Kpop who 's a bigger wrecker than him XD "
neutral	Moto G 3rd gen the best budget phone ? HTTPURL
negative	" Jeff Foxworthy on Muslims : 1 . If you grow and refine heroin for a living , but you have a moral objection to liquor , You may be a Muslim . "
positive	It may just be the crowd but I 've enjoyed John Kasich tonight
positive	Metal-Saturday with new Amorphis followed by new Iron Maiden . Hell yeah !
neutral	Zac Brown Band is coming to the Amphitheatre for their Jekyll + Hyde Tour on November 13th . There are still some ... HTTPURL
negative	@USER What the what is this Admin . so fearful of Iran in 1st place the deal stunk .
neutral	" Have questions about Islam and Muslims ? Join us at the Lady Fatima Center Open House on Sat , Sept 19 10am - 2pm HTTPURL "
neutral	" Buddhist meditation : Even though the body may yield to death , the mind in a state of nirvana does not die . Buddhadasa Bhikkhu "
neutral	Those who criticised the way Tony Blair took the UK to war may reflect that the present PM expresses similar ... HTTPURL
neutral	Ric Flair says he was rooting for John Cena #WWE #RAW - Results : HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	@USER BY HAVING Seth Rollins as number 1 ? All credibility is lost . May be the worst WWE champion in history ! WWE owns yall ?
positive	" I 'm very happy to hear that , Sam Smith will be singing the theme song of #SPECTRE Bring on October 26th "
neutral	" @USER yes , it may seem difficult to believe . Kpop fans are literally everywhere though ... "
positive	" Today , as Islam and Christianity clash , honest study of the White Mughals of India gives reason for hope HTTPURL "
negative	@USER it 's big gov't that trying to take Christians rights away . cause libs HATE the 1st & 2nd Amendments . Liberals hate freedom !
neutral	" Tony Blair will be questioned by MPs on Friday 11 Dec about the UK 's intervention in #Libya , the @USER has just announced "
positive	National Ice Cream Day is Sunday ! Celebrate with organic ice cream from Three Twins ! ONLY $ 3.59 / pint ! #sanfrancisco HTTPURL
neutral	Okay the fact that Jay finally made and IG acct and is already saying his 1st is also his last ... c'mon Shawn
neutral	" After Friday night 's confrontation with teammate Jose Iglesias , McCann responding like the leader David Price called him . Two hits , RBI . "
neutral	" @USER 3rd pillar of Islam is to give $ to help the most needy . Does n't seem to be happening in Saudi , Bahrain , Doha , Egypt , UAE etc . "
positive	" Dustin Pedroia returns to the Red Sox lineup ... out since July 22nd ... " " Win every game the rest of the way we 're in . " " ... A 29 game win streak ? "
positive	Ice Cube son and @USER to do an our generation Friday would be the DOPEST thing ever ! ! !
neutral	" @USER May I pause or not pause and call it brain surgery ? Kim Kardashian has more truthiness than Dr.Carson . 4 % , reminds me of Uncle Joe "
positive	@USER @USER Heyman 's promo on Monday for Brock Lesnar was the best promo in @USER @USER history ! @USER @USER
neutral	" #suvelo twilight #crit is on this friday ! A , B , C grade available . sign-on from 5:30 pm , racing starts at 6pm . $ 10 entry ! spread the news ! "
neutral	Plot twist : Commissioner Goodell hires Harrison for a bounty on Tom Brady 's head for the 1st game #spygate #bountygate #Goodellgate
positive	Call for reservations for lunch or dinner tomorrow ( yep Sunday ! ) . Happy to accommodate guests in town for the MISS USA Pageant 346-5100
positive	I know who i want this to be but I think it 's Rihanna or Lady Gaga HTTPURL
negative	So Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges ? Ironic she already slaughtered her manhood
positive	" I found out i was gay in the 4th grade ... well i didnt think of it as " " gay " " cause i was so young .. it was jus like ... " " damn " " ... Lololololol "
positive	" Turkmenistan is the 2nd biggest producer of NG in Central Asia . 3 chief destinations for its gas are China , Iran & Russia . "
neutral	The 2nd time I 've seen Zac Brown Band . The 0th time he 's played my favorite song
positive	I 'm pleased to confirm @USER as a special guest on the bill at the Foo Fighters gig in MK tomorrow .
positive	Jason Aldean & Kenny Chesney tickets for sale . Concert is the 29th . Good seats for a really good price . Text me asap for more info ! !
negative	" When Islam respects women , gays , atheists , free speech & human rights then it " " may " " earn my respect . "
neutral	@USER @USER I would n't be surprised with kane with sting possibly tomorrow
neutral	" #Mets ( C ) David Wright went : 2 - for - 4 with two runs scored , an RBI , a walk and his 3rd home run of the season . HTTPURL #MLB "
neutral	" Aloysius Etok , the Senator for PDP-Akwa Ibom North West in the 7th Senate , condoled with the Super Eagles Capt ... HTTPURL "
positive	Good to know i 'll be sharing my birthday with National Ice Cream Day tomorrow
negative	You know you 're a fag when you listen to music from naruto on Monday nights
neutral	" #Nepal #NepalWomen Iran men march into final : Sri Lanka , however , entered the women 's fina ... HTTPURL #Hinduism #Nepalese "
neutral	george harrison wrote here comes the sun in eric claptons garden like if this makes anyone else happy we need to be bestfriends
neutral	George Osborne sat in the House of Commons laughing during talks about the refugee crisis . People actually voted for this ? ugly
neutral	The only reason I 'm going to school tomorrow is BC I can't fail nicki
neutral	Please . Rousey will make Cyborg her bitch . Too bad Cyborg loves the juice . HTTPURL
neutral	Shevchenko for me in his Milan days . Although I may be slightly biased as he 's a personal friend . #ChampionsLeague HTTPURL
neutral	can someone tell me how teens with purchasing power managed to sell out a 4 pm Monday matinee of Paper Towns
neutral	@USER hey hey hey ... My vagina is pretty fucking special ! Mine bedazzled and shit ... It sparkles like a Twilight vampire in the sun !
neutral	Legendary wrestler Hulk Hogan issued an apology Friday after the National Enquirer released a transcript of statements he made that
neutral	It would be religiously inaccurate he may have acted according to ideals in Islam but he was most definitely Jewish
negative	Boko Haram : Major General Assures On Military Triumph - HTTPURL : Muazu made the statement on Sat ... HTTPURL
neutral	Sunday morning YOGA #activerecoveryday excuse the wild hair and no makeup ! ! ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Tomorrow Shawn tickets will sell it , and I 'm not going to buy them . Fine : ) . "
neutral	I do n't listen to Shawn mendes at all but never be alone was literally the soml Saturday
neutral	@USER Saw bunch of cops go down 22nd this morning racing heading east . Idk if there going to dunkin . But have n't heard anything
neutral	" Witsel 's interm . : " " The player wants to join Milan , and if Milan want him he would be ready to be in Italy and wear the Milan shirt tomorrow " " "
neutral	Oh now ya 'll wanna drop on the Kendrick train ... HTTPURL
negative	" Hey Bernie , be ready to be attacked by Chuck Toad tomorrow on MTP , and watch how he kisses John Kasich ass ! "
neutral	' Seth Rollins ' appeared on Tuesday 11 at the 16th place in the Top 20 of Manchester 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	" Super Eagles Coach , Sunday Oliseh Invites 18 for Tanzania ( See Full List ): Head coach of the Super Eagles , Sun ... HTTPURL "
positive	Nicki is the only reason my HW gets done tbh . HTTPURL
neutral	But did you hear the Black Friday tracks from Kendrick and Cole ... Bless baby Jesus sandals ..
neutral	Kris Bryant 's 20th homer of the season gives him 75 RBI and his second walkoff of the season . #Cubs #LetsGo #wearegood
neutral	so uh remember how I said the sign-ups to the next Naruto tournament will be towards the end of the month ? Well that may be a lie .
neutral	does anyone want four tickets to Zac Brown Band for Saturday night ?
positive	" Renamed " " Battle of the Barges " " Bos waterfront fireworks saturday , " " Tom Brady is FREE . " " Nice show ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Bad Blood sounds like it was written by a 7th grader who 's mad at her best friend ... Yet here I am singing to it in my car
neutral	Did you know that ' Paul Dunne ' was Trending Topic on Sunday 19 for 5 hours in Columbus ? HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	" Define religious liberty . Do you mean just Christians , or liberty for all religions , like in the Constitution . HTTPURL "
neutral	" I did n't evacuate when Janet Jackson 's nipple exposed the power of the sun to an unsuspecting audience , I ain't budgin now . "
neutral	" Nolan Arenado , Kris Bryant , Manny Machado and Miguel Sano are gonna won the 3rd base spot for the next 5-10 seasons "
neutral	" Josh Hamilton is 2 - for - 3 tonight ; Nick Tropeano leaves w / 0 outs & 2 on in 6th ; 7 hits , 1 walk , 4 K , three earned ( responsible for runners ) "
neutral	HTTPURL Hey / v / . Considering starting to play Dark Souls . Would it be better to play the 1st or the 2nd first ?
neutral	Nicki had the most consecutive weeks in the Top 10 by a female artist with ' Pink Friday ' . HTTPURL
negative	All I want in life is to meet Niall tomorrow but I 'm 10000 % sure that wo n't happen
negative	Sucks for all the people who actually wanted to see Frank Ocean hahahaha . HTTPURL
neutral	Chapman throws his 104 mph knuckleball striking out the AL to end the 8th but Ryan Braun comes back with a triple for the NL and scores
positive	Shawn will be at the VMAs tomorrow and I 'll be at the red carpet so ill be updating myself
neutral	" @USER agreed , but @USER will be better prepared for that come Jan 2 . the real key to beating Rousey is to outpoint her "
neutral	The Original Reason 420 will be playing a 1 show 1 night only For the Curtis family this Saturday night @USER 4618 ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Floyd Mayweather is a cherry-picker : Mayweather will face Berto on September 12 , and boxing fans around the wo ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Paul Dunne , an amateur currently tied for British Open lead , on what he 'll think tomorrow on the 1st tee : " " Make contact w / the ball . " " #focus "
positive	Friday treats ! Entire album from @USER & The Night Sweats at Rolling Stone now for you to stream . GO ! HTTPURL
neutral	Ice Cube talking with @USER Film Critic Jonathon Nettles right now . Watch the interview tomorrow morning at 9am . HTTPURL
neutral	Tom Brady hits the field Thursday night ... Let 's goooo
positive	Miss USA featuring all the 1st generation Americans and multicultural women is great .
neutral	Probably the greatest threat to the British public since Tony Blair HTTPURL
neutral	" Wes Craven passed away . Kanye West wants to be president . Sad and confusing Monday it is , then . "
neutral	I 'm * totally * going to vote for Kanye West in 2020 . ... I have just been told it is not April fools day yet . My mistake .
negative	David Bowie may be warning us a giant hidden planet is about to hit Earth HTTPURL #nibiru #planetx HTTPURL
neutral	Is it just me are does anyone else notice we have a Muslim president and Islam is on the march thru out the world . Chistians voted for Obama
positive	@USER People tweet a lot about Svengoolie on Saturday . It seems a lot like that with Sharknado !
positive	some Monday night inspiration for the weird side in you - David Bowie - Blackstar HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	School tomorrow is gonna be fired up HA ! you got something to say bad about Nicki ? Prepare your argument you 're bout to get shut down
positive	Great . Glad to see Lady Gaga honored so . Wish the Grammies paid more attention to who buys than their SUITS . HTTPURL
neutral	" If like me you sat through Ant-Man wondering which bits were Edgar 's ideas , the Empire spoiler podcast goes into it HTTPURL "
neutral	" #MLBFantasy Red Sox placed INF / OF Hanley Ramirez on the 15 - day disabled list , retroactive to August 27 , with fatigue in his right shoulder . "
positive	We are having a Sunday Worship event today at 11:00 am in the Matthews Suite ! Come enjoy the Lord with us and connect with other Christians !
neutral	I wish my old phone still worked bc it has videos on it from my 1st Shawn concert & all u can hear is me screaming & crying in the background
neutral	Dustin Johnson is leading the PGA but do n't worry . Saturday is only 2 days away
positive	That was David Wright 's 3rd home run of the season ! HTTPURL
neutral	Damn - Shawn was right . I may have to concede the win on that alone even if my numbers end up a bit better HTTPURL
neutral	It 's a 1st Amendment jerk ! Scott Walker to protesters in Iowa : ' I am not intimidated by you ' : HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	@USER kris bryant just hit his 2nd homer HTTPURL
neutral	KENDRICK and SEAN - KEITH want to take you to a GAY BAR - TONIGHT as we fling cocktails - SUNDAY 7 PM - 2 AM ... HTTPURL
neutral	" What 's going on Saturday ? ( U2 , Yumi Zouma , Detroit Cobras , Wolf Eyes , Government Issue , Andrew Ja ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER #MyFaveAlbums - P'way Drive Atlas , UFO Strangers in the Night , Iron Maiden 1st , Mach Head Ashes of Empires , UFO Strangers in Night "
negative	@USER through evidence was given on the understanding no criminal charges would result ? IRA fired 1st but try to find proof ! Dare you !
negative	John Kasich may end up blowing by Jeb Bush before this is all over . Has a lot of the things pure insiders ( which I am not ) like .
neutral	@USER : BREAKING NEWS Rock is return on Monday Night raw with help @USER and Dean Ambrose NOW COMPILATION IS EQUAL
neutral	Kinda considering getting tickets to see Sam Smith again in December to make it six concerts over four months ?
negative	" @USER Yeah too bad none of the " " professionals " " had a clue before Friday . Is THAT what it takes even after Charlie Hebdo , to wake up ? "
positive	@USER Go with Moto G 3rd Gen HTTPURL Best phone at this price :)
neutral	Kim Kardashian reveals why she plans to eat her placenta : Snacking on one 's own placenta may sound like a pret ... HTTPURL
positive	eyaaocampo : Yasssssss going to The Vamps And 5SOS I CAN NOT WAIT #VideoMTV2015 5 Seconds of Summer HTTPURL
positive	Ampt going to see my baby Ice Cube in in NWA this Friday :)
positive	just another reason to love Amy Schumer and here 's a piece on the calendar .. HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	I 'm over here tryna do this work before classes start tomorrow and Nicki is being the shady bitch queen she is and I just lost all focus
neutral	@USER I 'm glad he reneged on 4th group . Israel got no credit for first 76 released and Abbas did n't come to the table in good faith .
negative	I forgot all about Ice Cube being in the movie First Sunday . I think I seen this shit in the theaters .
neutral	#BlueJays Mark Buehrle will have his next start pushed back an additional day until Monday against the Red Sox . HTTPURL
negative	" This is the 1st year Tom Brady does n't have quality WRs , CBs , and RBs , every other yr it was 1 w / o the other "
positive	Glass of wine and some Sam Smith as we take in the beauty of Santorini . #traveldiaries #30th #bdayvaycay HTTPURL
neutral	going to yoga class tomorrow morning
positive	@USER forget the yankees .. Brock Lesnar in the ring on Monday night RAW ! 6 days to summer slam !
neutral	" Ed Woodward may have fucked Real Madrid over by sending the wrong file format , what a fucking man he is . Legend . "
neutral	Ball flying at Wrigley Field tonight . Kris Bryant and Dexter Fowler have both homered in the 3rd inning
negative	" Ryan Braun failed me Friday , failed me Saturday ... I went back to him today & he came through . Short term memory is key in #MLB #DFS "
neutral	" Literally 1st time I 've ever watched the #VMAs . Miley called Nicki out on her CRAP , and I respect that . #sorrynotsorry #suckitupnicki "
negative	" @USER @USER but c'mon , Mods make the game better or in some recent cases it FIX IT ! FF Type - 0 , Dark Souls , ToZ , FFXIII "
negative	@USER The PM or anyone in the world may say that Islam has nothing to do with terrorism but can u honestly accept it ur self ?
neutral	@USER on saturday at 10pm you can watch Sharknado 3 on the german free TV channel Tele 5
neutral	" Brooke Hogan asks fans to forgive her father : London , July 25 : Hulk Hogan 's daughter insists he is n't racist ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" These newly wed poor couples are then sent to a paid trip to Iran , which is for " " religious education " " . Read the article 4 more info "
neutral	moment of silence for all barbz that will get bombarded by their teachers and classmates talking about Nicki tomorrow .
positive	" A very happy Eid greetings to all of you , May your lives be blessed , ameen "
neutral	Sharknado 4 April must live . she just had a baby .
neutral	So Roman Reigns and Dean Ambrose have become the outsiders and they will debut their 3rd man at Night of Champions .
neutral	listening to Calibraska tomorrow for i have a 5 hour car ride so i should learn all the lyrics by then @USER @USER
positive	Why John Kasich may be strongest GOP prez candidate - even if he may not be able to get nomination . Read @USER HTTPURL
positive	@USER Today 's my 21st birthday and it would be awesome if I could get a birthday reply from Thor !
positive	Blue Jays win 5th straight behind birthday boy David Price : When the Toronto Blue Jays traded for David Price ... HTTPURL
negative	Just seen hat somebody tried to sell a baby today - - George Osborne will be charging VAT on them next - at least on the 3rd one
positive	I 'm just waiting for Floyd Mayweather to announce that he fighting September 11th ! ! ! I 'm waiting to book his shit ! ! !
negative	I say it every monday wen i watch raw n ill say it again i HATE seth rollins
negative	Gucci plurality psychic apparatus unfearfulness august sufflate the span thine joker goodwill accumulation to ...
neutral	Join the Kane 's ( Faculty in Residence ) on Friday night for a Baylor Watch Party in the Clubhouse . Kickoff is @USER 6:00 pm HTTPURL
positive	" Roses are red , violets are blue , happy Star Wars Day , May the Fourth be with you . "
neutral	" This Friday , the Bootleg Bee Gees roadshow is off to the We Love 70s weekend at Butlins Skegness and then , on ... HTTPURL "
neutral	What Ebert said about the FRIDAY THE 13th series is actually true of SHARKNADO : whatever you say about one can stand for all of them .
negative	You say no to western education but you record videos and post them on YouTube . May your hypocrisy destroy you BOKO HARAM .
positive	" Grammy winner Sam Smith performing in concert starting in Perth Sat 28 Nov , then right around the country finishing in Brisbane Sat 12 Dec "
neutral	" Gay marriage is n't the law . Yes , it is . It was interpreted by the SCOTUS as such in accordance with rights granted by the 14th Amendment . "
neutral	On the Harbor : From Black Friday to Nirvana HTTPURL
positive	Somebody should bring me a ice chips ahoy from dunkin donuts tomorrow I 'll pay you back
negative	@USER @USER I do n't think Thursday is the worst my any means ... Rolling Stone ? C'mon
positive	" #demthrones @USER Jon Snow was spotted Tues in Belfast with another popular Night Watchman , where GOT is currently filming ... just sayin ! "
positive	Hello mutuals who 's going to The Vamps ' concert in Manila on Jan 30 :)
neutral	" Now speaking at Labor Day breakfast , @USER with 3rd reference to Tom Brady : " " He 's a card carrying union member . " " "
positive	Lemme see if Kendrick Lamar can become the 2nd Hip Hop artist to win Album of The Year at the Grammy Awards ...
positive	Flying to Milan for the 1st time to watch LEWIS HAMILTON Formular 1 Grand Prix in Monza ... Speed excitement HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci bags conscience private matter december grow up the duplex yours pathognomonic way out accord over again ...
positive	Star Wars day is tomorrow ! ! ! Super jealous of everyone who has already seen it / is seeing it tonight BUT work decided this for me
neutral	Did Real Madrid deliberately cock up so they get De Gea on the cheap in January or for free in the summer ? #bbcfootball #DeadlineDay
negative	It may be significant to some of those who enjoy movies with a cult following but Sharknado is a disgrace to the film industry
positive	Gucci bags divine breath pomposity april huff the double harness your extraordinary approach raising to master ...
neutral	@USER do you know in what hotel will stay Shawn mendes on september 12th in Madrid ( Spain ) ? Plss DM me if you know it
neutral	@USER It was at Place de la Nation on the day of the mass march after Charlie Hebdo shooting . I probably should have noted that .
positive	@USER Is Milton Keynes going to be dry on Saturday night Alex ? Big gig outdoors watching the mighty Foo Fighters #nobrollies
positive	Finally home from all this so called shopping in time to see Thor Finish up the 6th
neutral	David Wright went 2 - for - 5 with two singles and a run scored in Friday 's 10 - inning loss to the Red Sox
neutral	I did Christians laundry & made him lunch for work tomorrow .. Now Im watching himym while he 's sleeping .. It 's like we 're already married smh
positive	" In honor of Prince George 's 2nd birthday , 10 super-cute cakes fit for the little royal HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	Who 's ready for the Foo Fighters tomorrow night ? ! Britton Tavern is your pre-concert and post-concert party ... HTTPURL
neutral	It 's Saturday night ! ! What U2 album are you listening too ?
neutral	" @USER NCP may care Muslims , BJP care high caste Hindus , " " Maha Gathbhandhan " " care for low caste Hindus ! Bihar is safe in the hands of these "
neutral	Gucci plurality superego credit march tumefy the span yours connotative ingressive tailpiece in contemplation ...
neutral	" John Stewart , assists Seth Rollins for the win over Cena in an angle that will be poorly executed this Monday night on #RAW #SummerSlam "
positive	" Was reading Dark Souls 3 may be last Souls game . That 'd be good . Keep it special , you know ? "
neutral	" Believed thunder came from Thor , and that the sun rotated the earth . "
neutral	@USER wait a tick Nunes can not fight Tate forgot she is set to fight Rousey again for the 10th time lol j / k
positive	@USER need you to tweet to all your followers that there are still Foo Fighters tickets available for MK Bowl saturday and sunday
neutral	" Busy day for Commons select committees , which are hearing from 4 Cabinet ministers : Amber Rudd , George Osborne , Theresa May & Philip Hammond "
neutral	" @USER nonsense , the land was ruled by Muslims , their may have been Christians residing there but the land was Muslim land "
neutral	" Ca n't believe what 's her face , prince George 's mum , is pregnant for the 3rd time "
neutral	" Threw her off ... I may listen to all my gangsta shit out and about ... but when Im in my room its all Last Poets , War , Gil Scott , and Curtis "
negative	" @USER Rousey my dear , aim higher please . What 's in it to waste time with a lizard shit ' runner ' ? C'mon ! "
neutral	" AP Top Stories December 15 A : Here 's the latest for Tuesday , December 15th : Saudi Arabia forms coun ... HTTPURL #USA #News "
neutral	" Rahul Gandhi may be talking utter nonsense , but he 's passing on a message which people are accepting . "
positive	" #REVIEW #Phillies @USER #Mets B2 - 1o : Phillies challenged ( play at 1st ) , call on the field was #overturned : David Wright grounds out , ... [ 1/2 ] "
positive	Celebrity Big Brother being tomorrow night at 9pm on Channel 5 ! ! Follow thI account for all the latest news and images ! #cbb
positive	" Good Monday morning , my Twitter followers ! I 'm thrilled that " " Mockingjay Part 1 " " & " " Paper Towns " " won at the Teen Choice Awards . Congrats ! "
neutral	Kanye West running for president ? Twitter reacts : The musician announced his bid for the White House Sunday ni ... HTTPURL
neutral	July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day . Can you guess which MLB team charges the most for hot dogs ? HTTPURL
neutral	" C'mon , you guys can do better than this . Do n't look down on KPOP ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Best of luck to Paul Dunne today as he tries to become the 1st amateur to win " " The Open " " in 85 years ! .. Also ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER I just read your Janet Jackson article No Sleeep hit # 1 on the R & B Billboard Charts and her Unbreakable CD release date is Oct 1
neutral	Floyd Mayweather has confirmed that he will fight Andre Berto September 12th 2015 .
positive	" Hope you had a wonderful EID . Our next Dubsmash Compilation video will be on YouTube within Thursday , so hurry up ... HTTPURL "
neutral	David Wright is 6 for 20 with 5 walks in five games with St . Lucie . He is scheduled to be back with the Mets no later than Monday . #LGM
neutral	Anyone willing to stalk Shawn with me ? In Houston tomorrow
neutral	Floyd Mayweather going for 49-0 Saturday
neutral	Chuck Norris cut off his left nut and donated it to science . You may know it as Jupiter .
positive	First time I 've been called off in a while and could n't ask for a better day to have off . Plus Jason Aldean is tomorrow !
neutral	I had a dream last night Frank Ocean said November . Maybe this is it . #CampFlogGnaw
negative	" @USER Tony Blair started all this , now he has even more blood on his hands and his soul , may he burn in hell . "
neutral	" @USER I speak with Rasha Hefzi , among the 1st women elected in Saudi Arabia , 1st election in which women HTTPURL "
positive	RIP Frank Gifford . He will forever be linked to the legend and legacy of Monday Night Football . #mnf
negative	THE NFL NEEDS A NEW CEO . Some bookie apparently wanted to shut down the Patriots & made up some B . S . on Tom Brady HTTPURL
negative	Crappity-crap ! I 'm always away when he comes to town ! Paul McCartney to play ACC on Oct . 17 HTTPURL
neutral	Tom Wilhelmsen locked down his fifth save of the season with a perfect ninth inning in Friday 's 2-0 win over the White Sox . #Mariners #MLB
neutral	@USER was angry at me after Friday because Dustin Johnson was outperforming Jordan Spieth . He 's now quite happy with me .
neutral	briana is gonna be gone literally all day tomorrow ... i 'm about to be in her house by my lonesome . might cry
positive	" @USER For your 21st , I got you a date with Chris Evans . Sound good ? lol :P "
neutral	Oh . When shall i give it ? I 'm thinking of giving it tomorrow or on niall 's birthday . Hmmm ...
neutral	I do n't know what 's gonna happen tonight . I do n't know what 's gonna happen tomorrow - Kanye west
positive	Milan are leading the race to sign the talented midfielder . Milan plan to sign him in June and then send him to Genoa on loan . #TMW
neutral	And the 2nd shift of the day starts at 1st Thursdays in Canton Waterfront Park until 10pm with SOGH - Shawn ... HTTPURL
neutral	" #seniorquote " " I do n't know about today , I do n't know about tomorrow , but just do how you feel at the time " " - Kanye West , a true intellectual "
neutral	" On August 23rd my client Brock Lesnar will stamp the repeat in Eat , Sleep , CONQUER , Repeat ! #FACT ! @USER #RAW "
positive	David Price is pitching today for the Jays . I feel a 12th win in a row coming tonight
neutral	" We covered Nirvana 's " " Breed " " w / @USER and @USER to end the U . S . #CTTM10 Tour last Sunday . Watch : HTTPURL "
positive	Like I Can - Sam Smith cover ! Check it out :) Do n't forget I 'm playing at the Ludington Pub Sunday ! #likeican HTTPURL
negative	@USER Photo was from Jan - 15 after Charlie Hebdo attack . You may want to delete that tweet ...
positive	@USER Hi congress man . Your profile description is interesting . May I know the qualities of Mr . Rahul Gandhi that inspires you !
neutral	Seth Rollins looks like the typical emo kid that shops at Pac Sun #SummerSlam
negative	Nigerian media seek to cope with Boko Haram threat HTTPURL
positive	" Curtis ' Morgan Weaver with a great look , but deflected by keeper , rolls just left of the goal post in 6th minute . "
positive	" Right now I 'm watching the 2nd Persona 3 movie , in which a cool dog fights a giant monster that looks like Hulk Hogan . "
neutral	Jason Day 's RBC Canadian Open win jumps him over Dustin Johnson to 4th in the FedEx Cup standings .
positive	Adrian Neville and Seth Rollins blew the roof off of that place on Monday Night Raw and Adrian Neville you did awesome ! ! !
neutral	" Super Eagles skipper and Lille goalkeeper , Vincent Enyeama celebrated his 33rd birthday on Saturday , with his ... HTTPURL "
positive	Pretty sure I 'm going to be the only person at this Jason Aldean concert tomorrow who 's not wearing boots or a flannel . & I 'm okay with that
negative	@USER I Pre-Ordered The Taken King Digital Collector 's Edition for both the PS3 and PS4 in July and I did n't receive anything today ... :(
positive	Thursday night can't come here early enough . Tom Brady versus the awesome #Steelers secondary haha
neutral	" This morning , despite it being a holiday here , I went to yoga . Tomorrow night starts 7pm yoga and I just do n't know if I 'll do that too . "
neutral	" Morning ! Watch the 4 Lab leadership contenders give their views on George Osborne 's budget for 1st time 0915 BBC 2 / BBCNews , with 100 voters "
neutral	" Lana Del Rey will reportedly feature on Kanye West 's new album ' Paris " " on the song ' Passport ' , slated to be released November 24th ! "
neutral	" 21st august , kpop will be saved by the one and only kim freaking hyuna "
neutral	" Since Stan 1st grandslam , he 's lost all 4 matches against Murray #USOpen Surely going to be a great match up for Stan ! ! "
neutral	@USER No way she makes it past the 1st rd . She has had a rough transition to MMA she is in no way near prepared for Rousey
neutral	Class is in : Learn the key new terms for the NFL season : Tom Brady is suiting up Thursday night against P ... HTTPURL #NFL
positive	" So my crush 's girlfriend is dragging him along to see Paper Towns tomorrow , coincidentally a film I want to see "
neutral	" @USER #AprilDies because she went into a coma , leaving Fin to raise his child w / Nova . April awakens in time to fight Sharknado 4 "
neutral	" To be clear , Paul Dunne is n't " " missing out " " on potential prize money . He was never competing for that prize money in the 1st place . "
neutral	" the announcement tomorrow , the rise of the john cena vids ? its all practically in our faces "
negative	Tony Blair extract worse than thought of parents having sex . Is the Iraq war the 2nd worst thing Blair authored ? HTTPURL
neutral	Dustin Johnson has blew it . Quadruple bogie at the 1st
positive	" Just talked to Dan Dierdorf about the death of Frank Gifford , his former Monday Night Football broadcast partner : " " I was n't expecting it . " " "
positive	All I wanna do is see the Foo Fighters Saturday at Wrigley ...
neutral	@USER Let Rousey and Tate fight and have Cyborg on the same card at 135 . If Rousey and Cyborg both win then have the fight in April
positive	" Big Brother Facts ... BB7 was All-Stars , and @USER won the 1st ever OTEV Competition #BB17 HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Loving MGSV , but BUG REPORT ! On PS4 and X1 the ground and animals in the Herbivore Area 2 may not load . HTTPURL "
neutral	MRAs must stand in the court wearing anti-male legislation flags when Rahul Gandhi enters court room on Dec 19 ... HTTPURL
positive	" Now today is National Hot Dog Day , and you can also celebrate that here ! Can we declare tomorrow Movie Theatre Day ? HTTPURL "
negative	may Allah destroy you oh enemy of Allah for your enmity towards Muslims ! what Muslims have done to you and you do n't leave us alone o kafir !
positive	" Nice win , Thor , Captain America , and the Falcon came up big , let 's even this up tomorrow . #LetsGoMets "
neutral	" Some people may confuse what im saying for " " gay " " .. Well happiness yeah ... Pride .. well yeah like the lion . Not the other gay .. feel me ? "
neutral	" Ben Smith / Smith ( concussion ) remains out of the lineup Thursday , Curtis HTTPURL #NHL #SJ "
neutral	" Join the IHS Book Club and get a free copy of Paper Towns . Thurs , after school in the IHS library . HTTPURL "
negative	" Stupid update mistake of the night : The Mariners beat the A 's 11-8 , not the White Sox . I 'm the worst . You may now proceed with your Sunday . "
neutral	Amy Schumer Steps Out in Black at the 7th Annual Governors Awards HTTPURL
positive	" Sonic Drive-In - National Hot Dog Day - Today , July 23rd - All-American or Chili Cheese Hot Dog for $ 1 all day HTTPURL "
positive	" aww Chris Evans again not him meee im Chris , so want to treat my family ;-) HTTPURL "
neutral	' Real Madrid ' appeared on Tuesday 1 at the 6th place in the Top 20 of Manchester 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	It 's Star Wars day at school tomorrow . I think my R2D2 is ready ! HTTPURL
positive	I like the look of those Dark Souls 3 PC specs . My machine may actually run it !
neutral	It 's the 2nd half between #TanzaniavNigeria ... #AFCONQUALIFIER2017 ... not easy for the Super Eagles ...
neutral	" ' Can you imagine Mail on Sunday asking the weight of the PM , George Osborne or any other leading politician ? ' HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER hope to see you at our opening in Tel-Aviv , Israel in MARCH ! "
positive	Not even Sept 1st and we 've already relapsed into Dunkin ' Donuts ' Pumpkin EVERYTHING ' commercials on the radio ! ITS FALL BABAAYYY
neutral	My microwave was n't working so I just played Kendrick and Coles Black Friday ...
neutral	" ( yo , that Trump gun control tweet circulating is from January , just after the Charlie Hebdo attack ) "
neutral	White Sox take a 2-1 lead in the 2nd on a 2 - run triple by Maiker Feliz . #AZLPlayoffs
neutral	JUST IN ; Real Madrid stating to have proof that Manchester United sent documents at 23.59 . Uefa tomorrow to decide on it
neutral	" As fans and media wait for a ruling on the Tom Brady case , the judge sends word that no ruling will be coming from him on Tues , Sept 1 . "
neutral	@USER ' s inhuman rejection of Muslims in Bihar may push the community towards someone that may change the political equation 4ever
positive	@USER lol I can't wait .. and I 'm going to see Janet Jackson next Thursday
positive	Congrats to Wayne Rooney for breaking the highest goal record for England . Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh ... HTTPURL
negative	Saudi Arabia lines up 34 Muslim nations in anti-terror coalition HTTPURL May be ARABIA going to create MORE ISLAMIC STATE ? ? ?
neutral	" Hope when the white March goes on there 's blacks , Muslims , Jews and anyone else who is n't white so it 's like a Royal Rumble "
negative	Because she 's Caitlyn Jenner . Come to FL sistah where you can run someone over with no consequences . HTTPURL
positive	Watching David Price dominate ... from Greece . Nice way to end a day of sun and souvlaki . #committed
neutral	Rob @USER Monday Night with @USER Remembers Frank Gifford . Tune in at HTTPURL .
negative	Saudi Arabia crushed by cheap oil - and the cuts are coming December 28 - CNNMoney HTTPURL I call this an ISIS motive
neutral	" Rest in Peace , Frank Gifford . Monday Night Football was my weekly habit with Howard and Dandy Don Meredith . "
positive	" Apparently , TODAY is George Harrison 's actual birthday . He was born just before midnight , but thought the 25th was his B-Day all his life . "
neutral	Dark Souls has made me Hollow . Humanity at 0 . Praise the Sun .
positive	Wishhhhh I was going to Jason Aldean tomorrow
neutral	got one floor ticket for Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean tomorrow night for 100 $ who 's coming with me ?
negative	News Break Nigeria The British government said on Friday that the Boko Haram insurgency had brought untold misery ... HTTPURL
neutral	Kris Bryant ( head ) is in the Cubs ' starting lineup on Monday night against the Pirates .
positive	Happy 2nd Birthday to Prince George of Cambridge ! Give your skin the Royal Seal of approval . Call on 01924 290870 HTTPURL
positive	@USER May be the best pic of Naruto
neutral	Heading to the 18th amateur Paul Dunne still has a share of #TheOpen lead . Live : HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	" @USER I may not be speaking for the whole world here , but have always thought Bono is a wanker & U2 overrated . There I have said it . "
negative	@USER After watching John Cena 's match m really disappointed with this 3rd class system of wwe in summer slam .. just like bull shit
negative	Kind of really upset I 'm missing fgl tomorrow night . Guess I 'll have to make up for it at Jason Aldean
positive	" @USER happy Saturday , Briana . I just left my biggest family Christmas gathering of the season . How are you ? "
positive	" @USER I think Thor is B-list like Kriss said b / c he 's probably one of the 1st names you know if you read comics , but otherwise no idea "
neutral	Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker on Wednesday compared the nuclear inspection proposals in the Iran deal to bad ... HTTPURL
positive	" Dude , this new Iron Maiden album is frikken AWESOME to the 10th degree . "
neutral	" Also the correct Top 5 is Eminem , Jay-Z , 2Pac , The Notorious B . I . G . , and Ice Cube in that order with Big Pun as the 6th man "
neutral	" Defining Twilight : Vocabulary Workbook for Unlocking the SAT , ACT , GED , and ... HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	@USER @USER ur fact : Milan hv a good squad and in the real world fact : Milan is 8th Placer hehe
neutral	I do n't gotta work till fucking wednesday and we get class off on monday it 's Gucci
neutral	I 'm sat here reading all of the Hulk Hogan tea like ... HTTPURL
positive	Do n't forget to ask about your chance to go see Janet Jackson in Saskatoon on Monday . We 've got tickets and they could be yours tonight !
negative	" @USER the judgement of someone 's TV fandom from someone who enjoys The Bachelor and Big Brother is worth sh * t . Night , see ya tomorrow ! ! "
neutral	" #ChuckNorrisFacts : At the beach , children try to dig a hole to China . When Chuck Norris goes to the beach , he digs a hole to the Sun . "
negative	Red Sox in that 10th inning looked like a group of minimum wage employees who were asked to stay past the end of their shift . #ZeroEffort
neutral	@USER I do n't think it is just you . This has been eye opening to watch . I think many are more wed to their politics on Islam .
neutral	" Reuters : Iran will take reciprocal measures in response to any breach of this year 's nuclear deal , the foreign ministry warned on monday "
negative	the 1st twilight is soooo bad
positive	" @USER Go rest , see you tomorrow . #MTVStars Lady Gaga "
negative	@USER @USER Thinking Curtis may not be happy with contract offer and trying to stay uninsured so he can move ( can't blame him )
positive	" #RAW Review : HTTPURL Seth Rollins , Sting & the Statue , THE BEST SEGMENT EVER , Rusev , Ryback & his Backstage Promos & more "
positive	Another day off ? Woo #BankHoliday ! We 're in from 10am - 4pm tomorrow ; slightly shortened hours but still with a smile on our faces :) ~ Nicki
neutral	And that 's 3 runs on 1 hit here in the 10th for the White Sox ... #Mariners
neutral	@USER my whole family is going to see Ant-Man on Friday before they leave though
neutral	" On this date , 12 August 1989 , ace Super Eagles midfielder , Samuel Okwaraji collapsed and died on the pitch of the National Stadium , Lagos . "
neutral	@USER it was in 7th grade . she drew justin bieber and frank for me too . she even drew obama for the school to hang up .
neutral	" Bagi para penggemar ane , jan lupa tonton Naruto the Movie 1 : Ninja Clash in the Land of Snow : v dijamin tersepona ama gua disana : v #Sasuke "
neutral	@USER please can you tell me when the 20th Anniversary PS4 controller is released ? Thanks !
neutral	@USER Thought Paul Dunne might have done that on the 2nd tee
positive	Ryan Braun breaking with an oppo shot to right to break up the scoreless tie in the 6th . He 's been impressive as of late .
positive	" Clocked in . PC on . Headphones in . Pearl Jam , Nirvana , David Bowie , Barry Manilow ( Do n't judge me ) playlist on .. Right Monday bring it on "
neutral	Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo announces he is to wed former Kenickie guitarist Marie du Santiago HTTPURL
positive	The Texas Rangers did a nice job today and Josh Hamilton is able to hit his 5th home run and he did a great job today .
positive	" Trying to get tickets to the " " Ant-Man " " preview showings on Wednesday . The theaters are fucking packed , bro . I 'm kind of happy ... Paul Rudd ! "
neutral	Kris Bryant sneaks one just above Ryan Braun 's glove into the right field basket . 16th of the year . 1-1 i the 2nd . #Cubs
neutral	A woman called Nicki a wee bitch and spat because she sat down in front of her on the 11
neutral	" Straight Outta Compton again ... for the 3rd time . " " Yeaah Yay ! " " ( In Ice Cube 's voice ) "
neutral	@USER @USER I 'm done with y'all boys mark text that man you sorry Gucci good shit ima catch y'all boys tomorrow
neutral	@USER I think Marco Rubio & John kasich tied for 1st Donald Trump the clear loser ! !
neutral	21st of August and still wondering where Zayn is I hope he 's okay
negative	After 75 today maybe I was wrong about Dustin Johnson getting over US Open collapse . Terrible 3rd RD #OpenChampionship
neutral	" @USER It 's the #NFLGirlUKFFDraft on Monday , you all set ? Feeling confident ? Or does being in Milan mean auto draft for you ! Ha "
neutral	Does anyone want to come and see Paul McCartney with me in October ?
positive	I hope that John Cena wins the wwe world heavyweight champion for the 16th time & Seth Rollins is right the future is now . #titlefortitle
negative	Milan : 0-0 19th Carpi & 1-1 20th Verona . If you can't beat bottom teams and also top teams who do you beat ?
neutral	#SummerSlam #TitleforTitle Seth Rollins Suit may be white and gold or is it blue and black . Get it ?
neutral	" If Brendan Ryan were on the Dodgers w / David Price the opposing pitcher , and purposely swung at a 2-0 fastball w / 1st and 3rd and down 5 ... "
positive	" @USER thank you . I just finished " " Can You be Gay and a Christian " " and it was a blessing . I used it for my adult Sunday School . "
positive	" I would like to congratulate the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on the 2nd Birthday of their son , Prince George "
negative	" Naruto is getting MORE filler after august , all about bloody TenTen . The most irrelevant character in the story . I 'm so pissed "
positive	Watch NBC Meet the Press : Carly Fiorina - Watch NBC Meet the Press : Carly Fiorina : We Should Not Repeal the 14th A ... HTTPURL
neutral	Rahul Gandhi wished advance new year since will have no time on Eurotrip to wish ppl or may b he is n't going Europe at all #PappuonChutti
negative	@USER but wrong on gay gene . However bad fatherly figure or lack there of may be the issue and vice a versa for a lesbian
positive	" Wow ! Big 24 hours for @USER ! ! 1st , @USER named Miss USA , now @USER is named a starter for the MLB All-Star Game ! ! #Tulsa "
positive	" I 've been sat in bed for the past 2 hours listening to Ed , Shawn and Jacob and I 've been bawling my eyes out , what is happening to me "
neutral	" Saraki promises robust legislation to end Boko Haram : Bukola Saraki , the Senate President on Monday said that ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" #Rangers Josh Hamilton went 2 - for - 5 with a run and two RBIs including the go-ahead , eventual game-winner in the 11th . #MLB "
positive	@USER oh its a name mash up of 2 of my favorite song ( stay away by nirvana and hold on till may by pierce the veil )
positive	I want to rewatch naruto subbed I may soon
neutral	@USER dunno . Ibra may not leave . Hes almost 34 . Kane mayb but he looks off . Eithier a one season wonder or his head is turned
neutral	" Curiosity may have killed the cat , but Chuck Norris killed everything else . "
neutral	" . @USER I have an " " I am Batman " " t-shirt . I might wear it on Friday which HR has declared as " " Star Wars Day " " . Because I 'm contrary . "
neutral	Sif 's crush on Thor is adorable but also sad she should just hook up with may
positive	Ca n't wait for February Kendrick and Cole about to kill it
neutral	" 1st work out of the week ... been sick as fffffffffffff , but we are Gucci today "
neutral	@USER are you working Friday ? Star Wars day ?
neutral	" @USER @USER u still have n't answered my 1st question , which ' prophet ' told Tony Blair to lie about WMD 's & bomb Iraq ? "
positive	Nicki 's drag at the VMA 's blessed my Monday
positive	" Allahu Akbar ! " " @USER : Happy Eid ! May every year find you in good health . #EidMubarak HTTPURL " " "
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER I 'm also aware the audience may not like my take : Pro-choice , gay marriage , can't we just all get along ... "
neutral	Twilight When the Moon meets the Sun The Sun says goodnight This is my time Most people sleep But I come alive
positive	I was thinking about Niall and how he was really cute at 16 and then I remembered his 22nd birthday is in five days and I can't cope with it
positive	Did you know that @USER is ROCKING it on Oct 20 in Milan ? Do n't miss this concert ! HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" Almost all the senior people 's of AAP have supported Yakub , may i know on what ground you all have done it ? @USER @USER "
neutral	Red Sox hope Kelly 's recent success continues into 2016 / No doubt this 1st half Skunk has turned it around and hopefully he can maintain it .
neutral	How yall feel about the gucci foams that are dropping sept 4th HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER U may want to check this out ! Racism in Israel ! HTTPURL
negative	kinda sad you 're not doing a liveshow this tuesday to talk about why kanye west is the kanye best :( @USER
negative	Curtis can take her essay and shove it where the sun does n't shine #finalsweek
negative	" No matter how disgusting Hulk Hogan is , he should n't be ruined for something he said in private . This societal trend is anti - 1st Amend "
neutral	" Scott Walker : Need to secure the border , enforce laws before talking about birthright citizenship HTTPURL via @USER "
positive	Ima just go catch a matinee of Ant-Man by myself tomorrow lol
positive	Celebrity Big Brother 2015 : See the patriotic new house : Celebrity Big Brother kicks off on August 27 ... HTTPURL #Fashion
negative	my life is in fucking shambles and jacob thinks he 's real the victim because I wont co-narrate his godawful 5th stab at Dark Souls 2
negative	" @USER ... so a sextape leaks , which may or may not be Briana , and it automatically means management set it up and she 's a pornstar ... "
positive	" But it was time for Paul Burrell to bid farewell to the Celebrity Big Brother house on Friday night , though in ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" In his first game back since April 14 , David Wright went 2 - for - 5 with a HR , BB and three R on Monday . He also made two errors at 3B . "
positive	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL Zac Brown Band with Steven Tyler , Fenway Park , 9 August 2015 "
positive	" Ireland 's Paul Dunne , the pride of Alabama / Birm . , is 1st amateur since some guy named Bobby Jones in ' 27 , to lead TheOpen after 3 rds "
negative	@USER All vets and true christians join now to help stop the destruction Obama is causing to our country.March on DC
positive	Finally . Sunday is here and SummerSlam is upon us . I 'm ready for the cataclysmic battle of The Undertaker and Brock Lesnar !
neutral	" I find it 's hilarious . Directioners use 22 , I mean Taylor song and anything related with the MV to celebrate Zayn 's 22nd bday . "
neutral	" I 'm still laughing that when Paper Towns ended me , Liv , and Anna were all just sat having an existential crisis fuck sake "
neutral	Testing Motorola 's Moto G 3rd - gen mobe : Is it still king of the hill ? Jockeying for position in the mid-range market HTTPURL
positive	" I really do n't like wishing time away , but I really wish it was September 10th and I was seeing Ed Sheeran and the squad was in Florida "
positive	" Hi all ! I 'm extending my weekend by one day ! So , please do something else life-giving Tues . night instead of yoga ! Namaste , Nancy "
neutral	@USER Will text you the changes tomorrow who do you want to change Kane will check on Bertrand fitness
positive	" @USER Here it 's 1:20 PM , I can be around that time but maaaybe I 'll be gone since I may watch Ant-man today "
neutral	" Ice Cube the GOAT for writing most of " " Straight Out Of Compton " " and " " Friday " " . "
neutral	Now @USER get De Gea to sign a big deal so Real Madrid do n't buy him in January on the cheap ! #degea #deadlineday HTTPURL
neutral	" ' A Bee Gees tune was on the radio , the sun was out and the smell of bacon wafted through the air . ' HTTPURL #guesthouse "
neutral	Less than 15 mins to win Free tickets to see David Price and the #BlueJays tomorrow ! #FreeTicketsFriday Enter here : HTTPURL
neutral	When you spend $ 160 on a Friday Lolla ticket just to see Paul McCartney but it was still cheaper than your tickets last time you saw him ...
positive	Still two tickets available for Zac Brown Band on Saturday ! ! Let me if you 're interested
negative	" * spews out of bed like Chuck Norris in a sequined tux , making a series of ass-related typos during the marriage proposal that is Tuesday * "
neutral	" Last time I hit so hard , so glad Sam Smith was with me . Now for the 2nd time , I fell & weeped , so swerte coz Jessie Ware was crying with me "
positive	" it was year 12 character day at school today , so some guy dressed up as john cena . its monday but honESTLY the highlight of my entire week "
neutral	Mindful Monday : Every Monday we discuss the best practices for IRA investors HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" If ' Lonny Breaux pt 2 ' is Frank Ocean 's new album then shit we 've all been played , it 's been on Spotify since 30th June "
positive	Wrapping up our Tuesday we have a Robin lead ... Bee Gees with Saved By The Bell HTTPURL
neutral	Scott Walker lets ' handful of reasonable ' Muslims remark stand : In attempting to make a point Friday about how ... HTTPURL
positive	I support Sunday Oliseh 100 % on this new Super Eagles list . Make us proud boys . We believe in you . #SourEagles
neutral	" did you know David Bowie 's new album is coming out on January 8th , his * 69th * birthday ? ? ? "
positive	Zac Brown Band is going to be the best country concert I 've been too . Hyped for Sunday .
neutral	" Fight Food Waste , Feed the Planet : @USER conference in Milan next 15 October #stopfoodwaste HTTPURL "
positive	I feel like going to see Paper Towns when it 's out tomorrow HTTPURL
positive	" Even with the loss of the 5 dudes , I think we 'll feel better about Hamels in December when the Dodgers give David Price $ 200 million . "
negative	" And I thought he was a relativist . " " Kerry sees ' rationale ' in Charlie Hebdo murders , unlike Friday 's attacks in Paris " " "
positive	" I 'd say for my Top 5 it 's Nu Wa , Ravana , Thor , Sun Wukong and Serqet "
neutral	Sky Sports | Both Manchester United and Real Madrid want the DDG transfer to happen and are considering an appeal to make it happen tomorrow
positive	#SCtop10 Kris Bryant 's snag in the top of the 2nd . Remarkable !
neutral	#isitok that Kanye West may become president of the western world one day ?
negative	" Friday I need to be in Cleveland turnt like " " I just fuck yo bitch in sum Gucci flip flops " " "
neutral	What 's this ? - you may ask . It 's a fan project for Niall 's birthday ! Want to get noticed by Niall ? Make a video ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Attempting to outflank Trump 's Mexican Wall , Scott Walker will build Canadian wall . But what about Guam , Hawaii ? HTTPURL "
neutral	" Today in Beatles History ( July 26 , 1968 ): Paul McCartney plays " " Hey Jude " " to John Lennon for the very first time . "
neutral	@USER @USER Sharknado 3 on tomorrow night . If you want we can start a Twitter campaign to get you on Sharknado 4
positive	Class act ! Wishing Paul Dunne the very best for tomorrow at The Open HTTPURL
neutral	" It 's OK to celebrate " " jul " " even though you do n't believe in Odin and Thor . HTTPURL #should_atheists_celebrate_christmas "
neutral	" I will give more solo dm with Zayn tomorrow , so stay active and turn notifs on . :) x "
neutral	" If you 're planning to watch Ant-Man , make sure you stay to watch the 2nd footage after all the credits . "
neutral	The Vamps all ready for today 's Sun Gig with Bizarre . In action with @USER @USER Vinopolis HTTPURL
negative	@USER Murray 's career is characterised by a pathetic 2nd serve and an unwillingness to be offensive unless he 's playing Djokovic
positive	" I have tomorrow off so it 's Friday to me ! " " What will you do with your day off , Kev ? " " Thanks for asking . I 'll go see Ant-Man . "
negative	Clerk #KimDavis is jailed because SCOTUS can see Gay Marriage in the 14th Amend . but Fed.Dist.Judge can't see religious freedom in the 1st .
positive	I liked a @USER video HTTPURL Nicki Minaj - Dear Old Nicki with lyrics - Pink Friday
neutral	" Holly Holm is forgiven . Dana White and the Fertittas , pictured right now ... HTTPURL "
negative	While we 're on the topic ... J . Cole > Kendrick As far as Black Friday is concerned ... Go debate ya fat aunt who only wears elastic pants
neutral	" for anyone who does n't know , curtis has the 2nd messiest car I 've ever seen in my life "
neutral	" @USER For me it 's ok if Duffman finishes 2nd behind Kris Bryant ( I really like him for NLROY ) , but if he wins it , I 'll be happy :) "
positive	" Tomorrow 's the night ! Weekly lesbian discussion group at Gay 's the Word , WC1N , 8-9 pm , every Wednesday @USER "
positive	Omg I 'm literally seeing Ed Sheeran with some of my best friends tomorrow I 'm so excited
neutral	Someone on my TL just tweeted that Liam is the 2nd oldest member of 1D nd I was about to correct her before I remembered that Zayn quit
positive	" Ca n't wait for the release date of " " The Book of Souls " " on September 4 . Iron maiden is one of my favorite bands . I hope it will be good "
neutral	" In good , non-Kris Bryant Is Dead news , Josh Hamilton just put the Rangers up 2-0 over the Giants in the 6th "
neutral	Has anyone ever seen @USER and Iron Maiden 's Bruce Dickinson together in the same room ? HTTPURL
positive	Happy Birthday to the only important birthday July 22 .. Prince George . HTTPURL
neutral	Ryan Braun gives the #Brewers an early lead with a solo HR to left in the 1st . 1-0 #Crew over the Reds
neutral	The Sultan of Sokoto Alhaji Sa'ad Abubakar has said Boko Haram terrorist are out to spoil the name of Islam as a whole . May they be exposed
neutral	will Brock Lesnar conquer Undertaker once again ? or Undertaker rip Lesnar off ? watch it on august 23rd #SummerSlam #WWENetwork
neutral	" May You hear the supplications of Your servant and of Your people Israel , which they shall pray in this place . II ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Can it just be tomorrow so I can see @USER in Sharknado 3 #Sharknado3 #OhHellNo
positive	11:11 hug the hell out of Niall when I meet him on Saturday ( hopefully )
positive	" @USER @USER JOHN CENA , you 're my HERO , no matter what ! You will get that 16th title , no matter what ! Rollins is a JOKE ! "
positive	" Add my good buddy @USER to tomorrow 's guest list talking the late , great Frank Gifford , JPP and the Giants . "
neutral	Y'all keep a real close eye on ISRAEL I MEAN A REAL CLOSR EYE .. May GOD be with US HTTPURL
neutral	" Dustin Johnson joins the leaders at - 5 with a birdie on 1 ( 10th hole ) . In other news , Tiger Woods made the turn at + 1 #PGAChamp "
positive	" A huge and very special thank you to the amazing @USER if you have n't seen his show yet , catch Christians last show on Sunday "
positive	My money is on John Cena .. And Brock Lesnar ... Two of the best matches you 'll get to see on Sunday ! ! !
neutral	" Apparently Floyd Mayweather has a net worth is $ 400 million , Pacquiao has a net of $ 190 million . Shows the difference between 1st and 2nd . "
positive	July not over till Frank Ocean drop his album so it 's still July
positive	Sooo I wanna go see Paper Towns tomorrow with someone who actually read the book ...
neutral	Idk if i want to be con or I want to be brad ... I want to be con #MTVStars The Vamps HTTPURL
neutral	" 12 yrs old and " " gay " " ... the new American heroes HTTPURL "
neutral	" Kendrick did the same except talk about Molly , but he said we can live at the mall .. that 's turnt HTTPURL "
neutral	I 'm not staying up all the way to watch Naruto . Grandmother 's birthday lunch is tomorrow so i need my rest
neutral	Liking how Tennessee Williams wrote a play named ' Candles in the Sun ' obviously wondering if Frank Ocean read it .
neutral	@USER @USER it 's a cut out of a newspaper . Tomorrow will be the first day for papers to come out after Eid . #FactCheck
positive	I 'm so excited about The Vamps new album on Friday
neutral	" @USER he better close it in 3 , not making much 1st serves and Murray seems winning all 2nd serves .. important serve game to start ? "
neutral	Mon show ! Live from the Clock at the Clocktower til 10:49 ! Stop by for chance to win Foo Fighters tix & new music from Disturbed & Pop Evil !
positive	" Tomorrow 's Charlie Hebdo : " " They have weapons . Screw them , we have champagne ! " " The spirit of the French is strong . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Cate Blanchett to be awarded top honour at 5th AACTA Awards : Held in Sydney , the Australian Academy of Cinema , ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER bring the beast of brock lesnar on monday night raw
positive	One time in the 4th grade my friend brought a CD player to recess and I brought my nirvana cd and we listened to rape me the whole time
positive	so happy tomorrow is Star Wars day ! ! HTTPURL
neutral	Ohio Gov . John Kasich ( R ) on Wednesday said that he would like to get rid of teachers ' lounges to reduce how much ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER lets play monopoly when gucci gets home since he does n't have school tomorrow
neutral	New York Mets 3B David Wright went 1 - for - 3 with a single and a walk for High-A St . Lucie on Monday
positive	" Ooh national girlfriend day on Saturday and there 's a fan screening of Paper Towns , what a lucky coincidence "
neutral	Karwan e Shair shohoda lunched by air vip pakage 1 ) iran iraq 22 jan with 3 & 4 star hotel 2 ) urmra iran iraq contact : waqar kerblai 03084455248
neutral	Because Nicki actually looked up to Kim but Kim came at her for no reason ? ? Why argue with someone you idolized ? HTTPURL
negative	" as AFs ID may be wrong . And he can't move towards MAINE , as that 's where I 've guided Putin in , if required , to cut the Boko Haram alibi bull "
neutral	Alright watching Monday night raw Neville vs Seth Rollins for the title Neville had then after the three count Rollins put his foot on the
positive	Calling all progressives : help us reform the welfare state - George Osborne : HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci pants it credit november build up the mates your indicative inflowing hike in consideration of whiz true ...
neutral	" @USER No , but you missed the Eid event in Trafalgar Square on Saturday . "
positive	" Seriously though , you guys have National Ice Cream Day ? That 's soooo Coool HTTPURL "
neutral	#News : Today in 1991 ( August 24th ) - Nirvana play at the ... : Today in 1991 ( August 24th ) - Nirvana ... HTTPURL #KeepGrunge
neutral	" Scott Walker on the Bucks . " " It 's cheaper to keep them . " " He repeated that inspiring line of reasoning Wednesday . Best passive / aggressive ever "
negative	Who the hell am I gonna pitch tomorrow ? David Price the only guy I wanna go with but he is going against us .
positive	@USER I enjoyed it a lot more than Naruto as well . Thought it was brilliant . Well I 'm gna start Fate Zero tomorrow .
positive	@USER Khair Mubarak . I hope you had a lovely Eid . Ami sends her love . May Allah grant your & your family every success . Xxx
negative	Troops of the 7 Division Nigerian Army on Friday engaged dozens of Boko Haram terrorists in a blood ... HTTPURL #badotweet
negative	Cyborg and her management now calling for an April bout with Rousey ... lol .. that did n't last long .. fuck Cyborg already ...
neutral	" @USER * he keenly feels the loss as Thor moves away , soul aching at the rejection * If things have changed , they may yet change > "
positive	" National Ice Cream Day is July 19 , and to ' top it off ' we 're offering 25 % off all our ice cream toppings ! HTTPURL "
positive	My guest mix which aired on Friday as part of Curtis & Craig Presents Trance Action 100 hope you all enjoy HTTPURL
neutral	Phillies at Red Sox is still 1-6 going into the top 8th . Under 9 could just land here . See it out Boston !
neutral	" I know I 'm seeing Ed Sheeran tomorrow , but Justin Bieber , you are still my man . "
negative	#DragMeDownMusicVideo trying to imagine the video but can't just thinking that tomorrow I 'll see there first music video without Zayn ...
neutral	" White Sox get 3 hits , make 2 outs on bases that inning . Manage a run on Sanchez 2 - out single to center . Soto in rundown to end 2nd . 1-0 "
negative	@USER lol .. I agree w Nicki and Sammy 1st and second Miley might be doing good deeds OK but she 's literally a fucking mess . So shh
neutral	" I prefer to juan and murillo for CB " " @USER : I 'm actually worried about the #MilanDerby this Sunday Milan are "
positive	" Dear Ms . Rousey , may I be your Pre-fight Fluffer ? I promise I 'll spike your testosterone & make u win . Sincerely , Winky @USER #UFC195 "
neutral	I may or may not be in love with Ice Cube 's son
neutral	I 'm going to a sam smith concert tomorrow lol
negative	Friday 's going to be my break-up letter to Kanye West . I have been writing it for several months .
negative	" Poor @USER , 12th of 14 in baseball after a horrific 2014 YF & F where he traded Tom Brady for Mike Glennon . HTTPURL "
positive	" Admit it . You may hate John Cena , but you know you miss his U . S . open challenges ! "
positive	" The National Hot Dog and Sausage Council has designated July as Hot Dog Month . In conjunction with that , July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day . "
neutral	" Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh , has pleaded not to be compared with Bayern Munich coach , Pep Guardiola , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Sunday is just not Dustin Johnson 's day HTTPURL
neutral	" 2x Foo Fighters tickets for this Sat @USER MK - selling for face value , shout up if you 're interested or know someone who will be ! "
neutral	" Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh , says that the team is not formidable but believed that it needs time for it to ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Sam Smith may well be doing Spectre theme , I just hope he does it as well as @USER did You Know My Name . Now that was a bond theme ! "
neutral	Join us at one of our Sunday Offerings ... 10am Therapeutic Yoga with Kimberly 12pm Mellow Flow with Marjorie HTTPURL
positive	" @USER happy birthday ! Saw Paper Towns at the cinema on Friday , was awesome ! ! Love the book too ( though Looking for Alaska still my fav ) "
positive	tomorrow will be one of the best nights ever bcs it 's double eviction night on Big Brother and my emotions fly everywhere each time
neutral	MSM Blast - Remember Tuesday is Yoga @USER the Martinsburg Library . . Summer is over so it 's time to start moving We ... HTTPURL
neutral	" See you guys will go on the defense when the sun says ANYTHING about 1D , but they say something about Zayn ya 'll believe in a heartbeat wtf "
positive	Saw Paper Towns again . Still perfect the 2nd time .
neutral	" Found Here Comes The Sun by George Harrison with Shazam , have a listen : HTTPURL "
negative	" Turkey 's foreign policy has left it so isolated it is reaching out to Israel , who Erdogan bashed for years HTTPURL "
neutral	" Presidency , Boko Haram reportedly begin negotiation talks : There may be hope around the c ... HTTPURL .. via @USER "
positive	Saw Ant-Man tonight with friends . My 3rd time . Fun .
neutral	" Allah may forgive your sin , however if you 're proud of if it & try to make a part of islam that 's a dangerous thing to do ... #Think "
negative	Why Muslims always fighting with Muslims ... shameful history of Muslims ... except prophet time to 4 Khlifah HTTPURL
neutral	" Remember when u called plies a monkey ? " " Or when u agreed Kendrick was the 2nd best rapper in the game but everyone else was the first ? " " "
neutral	" Surgeon remove prostate cancer with robot : Milan , December 28 - Surgeons used a robot to excise a cancerous pr ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Super Eagles head coach , Sunday Oliseh has come out with a sensational story that might explain his reason to ... HTTPURL "
neutral	The Super Eagles may not be playing the tiki taka football we expected but atleast our coach is as fit & athletic as Luis Enrique .
neutral	" - May question . Well , it is quite simple when looking at recent situations and conversations Naruto had partook a while ago . He was simply - "
neutral	@USER : Another walk-off - this time Josh Hamilton gives the Rangers the win His 9th career walk-off hit veee el piedrero
neutral	Wait is the jelly and Michael episode that Shawn is on tomorrow new ? ? ?
neutral	is anyone else going to see Ed Sheeran at Blossom on the 18th ?
neutral	So deeply sadden for Kathie Gifford and her family at the loss of Frank Gifford today . May prayers be with you all #RIPFrankGifford
positive	@USER thank you Gucci ! We on tomorrow and all weekend !
positive	A very good maxim - one that Boko Haram had the privilege to enjoy during the Jonathan Administration & may still ! HTTPURL
neutral	@USER hi how are you now were are you am back to china for EID after EID im planned to go please call me may number 9747610055
neutral	" predicting a 4th @USER film .. Calling it " " Sharknado 4 : the final bite " " or " " get the F - 5 out of here " " & @USER guest stars . "
neutral	Going to watch Ant-Man on Tues because of Rudd and also make a decision on whether it beats Guardians and The Winter Soldier
positive	Join us tomorrow for National Hot Dog Day at Seasons ! During the lunch & dinner hours . HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Everyone jumping on Wazza 's back before Wed night yet nothing been said about Kane ?
negative	@USER @USER Was he not already on you 're list HTTPURL < < him raging at Muslims for voting in galloway
neutral	Briana 's stepdad liked this ( via @USER ) so from Dec 17 2014 to Dec 6 ... it makes roughly one year ... that 's it .. I say their r loopholes
neutral	I am Allah : The Filip Lenaerts may go to paradise nirvana and that it is the truth . here and now Semper Fidelis .
positive	the new naruto game comes out in February so I already know what I 'm getting my bf for Valentine 's Day lol
negative	Why is Stone Cold on the cover of #WWE2K16 ? He 's hardly ever on anymore . Seth Rollins would be better . This may declare a no buy for me !
neutral	" Tomorrow is the last day on BO3 Beta , noooo give one more day on Ps4 , X1 and PC pleaseeeee ! ! ! I dont wanna go to AW ! ! ! @USER "
neutral	" Watch " " Brock Lesnar confronts and brawl with The Undertaker - WWE Raw July 20 2015 " " on YouTube - HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER Kendrick is going to outshine Cole on this collab album tbh . He already did it on Black Friday .
positive	@USER @USER @USER enjoy the vibes with Moto G ( 3rd Gen . ) #MotoBffRevealed HTTPURL
negative	having the worst day and all I was looking forward to was Sam Smith tomorrow and I come from dance to find out ITS FUCKING CANCELLED
neutral	" Playing All Apologies by Nirvana from the album " " In Utero ( 20th Anniversary ) [ Remastered ] " " - iTunes : HTTPURL "
neutral	Super clubhouse $ 8.99 in the Curtis restaurant Tuesday . Add soup for a buck HTTPURL
negative	" @USER If Christians spent HALF as muc , no 1/4 th as much time on abuse as they do on gay people we 'd make PROGRESS ! "
positive	1500:1 Vegas odds on Paul Dunne actually making it to the final rnd .. No matter what happens be proud ! ! Go get it Mon bud ! ! #AmateurChampion
positive	@USER but are you ready FOR SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY JOHN CENA FACES HIS ENEMY IN A ONE ON ONE CAGE MATCH TILL THE DEATH
negative	Yakub 's Mercy plea has been rejected . May you be served justice in here after . #YakubMemon
neutral	Divas ! Movie night is tomorrow ! Meet at Fazoli 's at 5:30 pm for dinner . We will walk over to AMC for the 7:05 pm showing of Paper Towns !
neutral	" Saw Rascal Flatts last Thursday with my boyfriend , THEN saw Zac Brown Band the very next day with the Roomie . #TimeWellSpent "
neutral	Gucci unmentionables he hopeful prognosis january hike up the duet your personality invasive spreading in cont ...
neutral	Janet Jackson took a moment to remember Aaliyah on the 14th anniversary of her passing . The iconic artist penned ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Other Voices : An ugly win for Tom Brady : Tom Brady . Last Thursday , a federal judge spiked the NFL ... HTTPURL #Deflategate "
positive	Now I 'm talking to my big sister and she 's telling me that Kane 's telling her he is going out on sat and I 'm like yhhh I know with me
positive	Moto G - 3rd Gen is here . My first Android phone . Lets see what the fuss is ! :P
neutral	Is it fair to expect more from Christians at the work place ? More on that this Sunday . #GospelAtWork HTTPURL
neutral	" Even though this is sad , I mean MANSLAUGHTER and CAITLYN JENNER in one sentence is the funniest shit ever . HTTPURL "
positive	" Carly Fiorina is in 3rd place in Iowa , but she still likely wo n't be in the top 10 debate in two weeks . Here 's why . HTTPURL "
negative	@USER @USER Obama will continue to flood America with Muslims . It may be too late to stop the fall of America
neutral	" Per @USER Base Running runs , Kris Bryant has been the 2nd most valuable baserunner in MLB . Billy Hamilton has been twice as valuable . "
neutral	PSG 's asking price for Adrien Rabiot is 13 million . Milan have shown previous interest in the central midfielder . [ The Sun ]
positive	Do you know who Paul Dunne is ? He may make history tomorrow . Hear how ! @USER has details now !
neutral	thank you for what you did on the field & in the booth you helped make Monday Night Football RIP Frank Gifford HTTPURL
neutral	I really hope David Wright does n't kill the Mets flow when he comes back tomorrow . I think we 're doing great without him
positive	" One screening of @USER tonight at 8p m , & last screening tomorrow to see the incredible Cate Blanchett . HTTPURL "
negative	She said something about Nicki ? How dare she ... the actual question is who is she like seriously is she famous or sum HTTPURL
neutral	Murray would be working the night shift at McDonalds in Glasgow if he had n't learned how to hit a tennis ball HTTPURL
neutral	Carly Fiorina may find center stage uncomfortable - Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina pauses as she ... HTTPURL
neutral	20 July 1965 Bob Dylan 's Like a Rolling Stone released - here 's the original mono mix #HowDoesItFeel #Dylan #classic HTTPURL
neutral	My dad & I get Dunkin every Sunday & it feels so weird getting it w / o him today
neutral	@USER lmao Saturday when I went out with my bf I got so drunk the bouncer asked me who 's president and I said Kanye west asffsgw
neutral	Mets : David Wright 1 - for - 3 with walk and run scored as DH for Class A St . Lucie Monday in 1st game of rehab
neutral	@USER @USER I still think the number of Muslims in India exceed #Pakistan may not be #Indonesia !
positive	S / O to Ryan Braun for that 3 run shot in the 9th ! I just won 1st place in both my Draft King 's tournament . Turned 1.25 into 175 $ . Easyyyy .
positive	" Is John Cena made of steel or what ? Injured on friday , wrestle the next day . #Respect #WWE "
positive	" Monday 's baseball Roundup : Mets rally , beat Nationals in NL East showdown : David Wright raced around the bases ... HTTPURL "
positive	see you in milan ! HTTPURL
positive	" Hello Tuesday , I had a nice looooong weekend , now it 's time to work . ( at @USER Home Improvement in Murray , KY ) HTTPURL "
positive	Oh i watch the subbed ones . Im waitin for the new ones to drop thursday . Naruto got 6 path shit too . Shit dope HTTPURL
neutral	Who 's going to Sam Smith 's concert tomorrow ? ?
neutral	Shawn face explains the 2nd picture HTTPURL
negative	" Once again Dustin Johnson is leading early in the tourny , which means he has plenty of time to screw it up on ether Saturday or Sunday "
neutral	" #DigitalNirvana is having a robot to complete all pending household work , so that I may tweet longer @USER Digital Nirvana with Croma "
positive	@USER you gonna get the iron maiden album on Friday
neutral	I see ' Sunday Major Dustin Johnson ' showed up today . + 4 after the first ... #roughstart #fightback #PGAChamp
positive	I can not tell you how many times I have watched the video of Nicki calling out Miley since Sunday night
positive	Sending my prayers to the family of Frank Gifford . May the strength of God comfort you during this difficult time .
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER She may get some air time and help for Christians in Syria but that 's mostly it .
neutral	@USER can you please make Big Brother available at its normal time next Thursday ( online or on another channel ) ? Thank you .
neutral	21 yd TD run by Ross gives Terps 29-14 lead . Ross has 111 yes rushing . Likely 146 return yards . David Price shutting O 's 2-0 in the 4th
negative	Idk it 's whatever . But if somebody went to a Shawn concert and got 4th row while I was stuck in the back and did n't know his name id be mad
neutral	Britain is increasingly like the 19th with ' Strictly ' and PS4 . Caesar had his Bread and Circuses ... HTTPURL
neutral	Headed to Fenway to watch the Red Sox tonight . Tough year - I bet they miss Pedro . #INBOUND15 HTTPURL
neutral	@USER & sting on Monday night . Sting vs Seth Rollins at Night of Champions for the title And John Stewart got a Attitude Adjustment
positive	" Yesterday was a grand day , woken up with pancakes and tea in bed , ended with Foo Fighters . Best Saturday . Best boyfriend . "
neutral	" Pat Brisson , the agent for #Blackhawks forward Patrick Kane , said Tuesday he believes Kane is innocent of any crime ( Per @USER ) "
negative	@USER @USER I think after Charlie Hebdo the French did NOT react as the US did after 9/11 . But they may do this time around .
neutral	My birthday tomorrow and if it does n't get as much coverage as Prince George 's I 'm going to suspect this royalty thing really is n't fair .
positive	Haha I 'm going to see Foo Fighters tomorrow Jesus Christ that 's just hit me
neutral	David Price 's night may have just ended with his 6th strikeout of the game .
negative	" Never got into Iron Maiden . As with everything else , I like only 1/10 th of Metal . Not saying they 're bad , just not for me . @USER "
negative	26 December 2003 - Bam earthquake struck the Kerman province of southeastern Iran . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER I just put on the TCAs because I can always watch Big Brother on on demand tomorrow
positive	" Zack , South FL , Beetus behaved , I wish it was tomorrow night . There 's a prerelease party for Iron Maiden 's new album . #dsma "
negative	" no matter 40,40 k , 40 lac people sign the mercy petition of Yakub , he will be hung on 30th.no change in order . "
negative	Caitlyn Jenner may be facing manslaughter charges n not cuz she cut off her junk ! ! ! :D #CouldntHelpMyself
positive	I do claim Brock Lesnar as one of the best UFC fighters ever because he is the 2nd person EVER to win the title in only his 4th pro fight .
neutral	Dear 72 virgins you may take over Yakub now . HTTPURL
neutral	" We 've got @USER on the show this Sunday at 10:30 am CT . We 'll talk new #UFC fights , Rousey , Palhares and more on @USER ! "
neutral	The GOP loves Israel and Israelis and Israelis would be happy about 1st Jewish American president . #Bernie2016 HTTPURL
neutral	Paul Dunne has n't had the best of rounds . Oosthuizen bogeys the 13th and now 2 off the lead . Between 4 players realistically now .
positive	I could listen to the black Friday songs Kendrick and cole dropped all day man fr
neutral	" Is this " " Adele 's new album dropping in November " " just another frank ocean "
neutral	What are you doing this Thursday night ? Want to find your true self ? Zen out and reach nirvana with a little free ... HTTPURL
positive	" JUST WATCHED SHARKNADO 3 AND HOLY SHIT THE END WITH APRIL , the giving birth in a shark is new to me .. #aprillives #sharknado3 @USER "
negative	At the circus the elephants have been banned by activists but the kept the lions because they may want to punish Christians .
positive	Tomorrow Cacao is being delivered along with Star Wars little Golden Books and I get to finally play Armello on PS4 ! Is it Tuesday yet ?
neutral	" Kim Davis is against gay marriage , but not against getting pregnant by her 3rd husband while married to her 1st . Pity the husband # 2 . "
positive	I gotta meet Kendrick Lamar and J Cole February .. That plane ticket worth it and them 125 $ is too
neutral	" Last monday on raw , Brock Lesnar was beaten up by the undertaker . "
positive	@USER @USER I can't wait for Raw tomorrow . Seth Rollins is going to ask for a statue and he deserves it ! HE IS THE FUTURE ! ! :)
neutral	Murray seals the 2nd set 6-2 #USOpen2015 #USOpen #easy
positive	How am I barely finding out about these Kendrick and J . Cole remixes that dropped on BLACK FRIDAY ?
neutral	News Alarm : Miguel Sano ( DH - Min ) Miguel Sano went 1 - for - 3 with a solo home run and a walk on Wednesday against the White Sox .
positive	Gotta get my copy of the Rolling Stone issue tomorrow and get Dez to sign it ... I gotta frame it
positive	I AM MUSLIM AND I AM WITH PARIS & JAPAN . ARE YOU ? #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting Islamist Friday the 13th #parisinflames #ISIS Charlie Hebdo
neutral	" Wondering if after SC turning down Yakub 's appeal tomorrow he would again petition the President again , and this to go on and on and ! "
neutral	@USER theyre coming to milan in december im just sayyijnfn
neutral	What time does Shawn 's concert on the 15th start at
neutral	Friday Bonus Match the 2 songs for one time + 400 bonus ( awarded within 30 days ): - Bad Blood by Taylor Swift - Feeling Myself by Nicki Minaj
neutral	@USER so basically anyone from this September ... that 's just brilliant news :( big massive thanks to George Osborne and his friends !
neutral	A Friday night in the city @USER Twilight Hawkers Market HTTPURL
neutral	You 're uncle should texted you get Calibraska - EP by Jack & Jack HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Am wondering did Real Madrid have 2nd thoughts on De Gea ? ? Mite see him tell real to 4 get about it and sign a new deal !
positive	Ca n't wait till 6pm tomorrow to come and the only recognised striker have is Kane for rest of season #TransferWindow #pullyourfingeroutlevy
positive	Kendrick 's lyrics are for the black community .. Which is adapted by almost all now HTTPURL
neutral	@USER would you like to eat breakfast with me before Lollapalooza tomorrow Paul McCartney might come let me know so I can plan
positive	Floyd Mayweather says Muhammad Ali is the 5th best boxer of all time HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	" I watched " " Sharknado " " today . Watching the 2nd one now . "
positive	I 've never ever won a radio contest before & Shawn never does them when he 's in California so seeing him tomorrow makes me so happy
neutral	Arnab Goswami why so angry with Rahul Gandhi .. its his programme .. probably Gandhi did impress the students . That may be the reason .
positive	" This time tomorrow I 'll be watching Foo Fighters with one of my best friends ever , eeeeeeeek "
neutral	" What are you doing this Friday ? Why not come along to our Yoga , Food and Movie night ... HTTPURL #yoga HTTPURL "
positive	" Niall 's going to be 22 in 12 days NO ONE'S GONNA BE 22 , I'LL LOCK HIM IN FOREVER 21 ! 1 ! * prepares squad * C'mon ! "
negative	" This nigga finnah get caught off guard , do the illest Randy Orton drop kick from the 7th step son HTTPURL "
negative	@USER Cyborg did nothing ( for lack of a better term ) to progress WMMA and now suddenly the narrative is Rousey 's ducking her ? C'mon .
positive	1 set up and has already broken Murray in the 2nd . This is beautiful from Kevin
neutral	" Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh says it is wrong to tag some players ' home-based , ' even as they ply their trade in the domestic league . "
positive	Watching Amy Schumer : Live at the Apollo makes me so excited for Sunday when @USER brings @USER
negative	WATCH : Algerian troops march singing ' kill the Jews ' | The Times of Israel HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER 7abebti , alf alf mabrook ! I heard from Latifa that you got engaged to Eid . Mashallah , may god bless you both . Allah ye7meekom . Mwah ! "
neutral	@USER @USER in the end this may have lasted longer than Iran deal HTTPURL
positive	" gavins currently a mini van , we are going to abelardos , and there is nirvana on the radio . what is monday night "
positive	" Whatever happens , I 'm going to watch Paper Towns tomorrow . I can't miss this movie . "
neutral	Follow @USER for coverage of Scott Walker at the Iowa State Fair . Here 's a preview : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	[ Sportsnet : Sports Net ] Ortiz posts club-record 9th 30 homer season with Red Sox HTTPURL #BlueJays #Jays
neutral	Nirvana climbed into the top 5 of the United Counties League with a 4-2 victory at Desborough on Tuesday HTTPURL
neutral	Started watching Twilight as a joke and now I 've basically sat through the whole movie .
positive	" I have a fantasy football draft tonight and will be taking Tom Brady with my 1st , 2nd , 3rd , and 4th overall picks . "
positive	" Pieces from the 1st Traci Lynn Fashion Jewelry Show I went with Kalynn M . Kendrick , yes Ladies the Jewelry is definitely On Fleek ! "
negative	@USER @USER England 's Tony Blair is feeling like Bush and Cheney should be where he may be indicted . They were illegal .
neutral	He tries to stem the march of time by covering the plug hole with his podgy mitt but #TrojanHero knows twilight must fall on bathtime .
positive	" This the 4th time someone said I look like Janet Jackson , lol "
positive	U2 concerts in Ireland at the end of November possibly ? ! YESSS ! Hope I get tickets ! Stuff of dreams to see U2 live . Heroes .
negative	@USER Miss USA pageant questions were epically bad . I think you have your topic for the show tomorrow
neutral	#BlueJays fans may become all too familiar with this Red Sox prospect one day . HTTPURL
neutral	Floyd Mayweather continues training for September 12 fight ... as undefeated boxer also enjoys downtime with fr #Sport HTTPURL
negative	Sonia and Rahul Gandhi may not apply for bail in #NationalHerald case .. They want to disturb the harmony of the country ..
negative	" @USER @USER Iran got the carrot , but need to be wary of the stick . Iran may howl but sanctions need to be available . "
neutral	5th Round ; Send me a picture of your favorite artist ! ! First to 5 points gets a DM with Niall ! ! #OTRAMontreal
positive	I 'm going to see Paper Towns tomorrow with Kelvin and his friend who roped him into going And he roped me into it Fun
positive	The White Sox swept the Royals aka the 2nd best team in the MLB
neutral	" A fresh catch over @USER My 1st column of 3 on the " " Gay " " Crucible and the Catholic Church--check it out ! HTTPURL "
positive	" The non Muslims who support us Muslims , may Allah guide you to haqq and the deen of Islam . Big love to you all . "
positive	I spent my Thursday night going through pictures of Prince George . Love those cheeks !
neutral	" @USER You 're well-versed in bees , what do you make of Rolling Stone vs Bayer ? HTTPURL "
neutral	Where is she ? ? ? Today is Thursday and she always spam my tl about Naruto around this time .
negative	People may have their opinions on Caitlyn Jenner but this is just disrespectful . another thing gone too far HTTPURL
neutral	" When taking the SAT , write " " Chuck Norris " " for every answer . You will score over 8000 . "
negative	" if I do n't see Ed Sheeran in concert I 'm going to drown myself , I 've been wanting to see him since the 7th Grade "
negative	" 28 Nov 1986 - An IRA mortar attack on Newry RUC station misfired , and the mortars hit houses and injured 35 people HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER I 'm literally struggling as we speak--I 'm traveling in March and I listen to soooo much KPop that it 's past time !
positive	People who know baseball know Thor is the player of the game cause after the 2nd inning he started dealing and kept mets alive
neutral	" Dear Twitterverse , may I please have a gif of Murray 's F-bombs into the ESPN camera ? I need it for future Mondays . Pls and thanks . "
neutral	Bad Blood was playing as I entered Bullwinkles for the first time last night and I may have had an out of body experience ? ?
neutral	Just been watching Irish golf amateur Paul Dunne finish as joint leader going into tomorrow 's final round . Well ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER Hate to see it . Dustin Johnson on the 1st . #headsgone
negative	it 's August 22nd and Frank Ocean 's album has still not dropped .
neutral	Like Miley said she did n't look into everything but she thought Nicki may have been subbing her but she did n't know for sure . Her words .
negative	" a possibility that Kanye West may be president someday in the future , i will go OFF . "
neutral	Let August & Kendrick get on the same track & watch the world crack ! ... Slowly
positive	" @USER hello , can you help me out with Ed Sheeran info for Sep 5th ? "
neutral	Oh wow ... Rousey fight moving to November against Holly Holm . Did n't wanna keep her on the shelf too long .
negative	" Seriously though , somebody posted Amy Schumer as their woman crush Wednesday on Instagram & I almost went off , but it 's not worth it "
neutral	" @USER While you continue to beat a dead horse , Tom Brady is starting on Thursday night . "
negative	@USER @USER @USER only love 4 the IRA protected us against you fucking pigs remenber bloody sunday brit army true colours
neutral	#MLB #BlueJays David Price will be the starting pitcher vs Baltimore Orioles on Friday . @USER
positive	@USER I hope you make history Sunday . Show Seth Rollins what being champion is all about HTTPURL
positive	Rousey vs Holm 's on January 2 . Holms has the best kicks of any ufc woman fighter . I 'll give her at least 2 minutes with rousey
neutral	@USER U2 at the Brendan Byrne in Spring of 85 . I apparently joined @USER for the 2nd leg at the Coliseum in the Fall .
neutral	Always tired . Tomorrow ( Star Wars Day ) is going to be a LOOOOONNNGG day .
positive	Dustin Johnson is the best Thursday golfer on tour
neutral	@USER I have don my login for the 21st and it wo n't let me have my Randy orton
positive	Wwe MONDAY NIGHT RAW is going to be HILARIOUS I can't wait for this and BROCK LESNAR
positive	The side project of Iron Maiden bassist Steve Harris is out on the road ! Playing live Bristol Bierkeller 30th ... HTTPURL
neutral	OK it is time for me to sleep . First day as a Senior / Grade Twelver tomorrow . Gonna be craic ! Save me Paul McCartney
neutral	Last day of Eid holidays ... preparations for office tomorrow ... #TimeFlies #dontwannago
positive	" Come meet with the family of Christians tomorrow at Grassy church of Christ in Arab , AL . Bible Study at 10 - preaching at 11 ! #churcfofchrist "
negative	" Boko Haram Captures Five LGs in Yobe , Borno , Targets VIPS | THISDAY LIVE HTTPURL | Report says , it happened post May - 29 . "
neutral	Tom Brady was drafted in the 8th round right ? - @USER #ThereAreOnly7Rounds
neutral	I 'm going to research this John Kasich fellow tomorrow . He has my attention .
positive	" Mj had 12 , Kendrick with 11 on an album our culture didnt love at 1st , although grammys are hit & miss in hip hop hes influencing people "
positive	Last day at Dunkin tomorrow !
positive	This may be the fashionista in me ( #ShaneIsMrX ) but #ComradeOfTheDay is also bestowed upon New Day 's & Seth Rollins ' ring gear .
positive	" If Kanye , Frank Ocean , and Drake all drop albums on the same day , the Internet may never recover . "
neutral	not only should everyone be upset with frank ocean but adele too . she 's just now releasing something in november after 4 years of waiting .
positive	Saudi Arabia is the 14th largest country on Earth .
neutral	Omg I told my mom to look out for Niall in the U . S . Open audience and she was like ' look out for your brother and I in the 6th row of +
neutral	" @USER to be specific , is the demo released at 12:00 or is there a time scheduled for tomorrow ? ( PS4 ) "
neutral	Guys you have to tweet these links ( HTTPURL ) for a solo dm with shawn and taylor
neutral	@USER This May Yassine character claims she 's heard a song from Zayn 's new album . She says it 's good . i do n't believe her tho
positive	@USER Ant-Man was # 1 for the 2nd straight week domestically . Never has this been more apropos . HTTPURL
positive	May Allah accept this dua . I ask Allah to rectify the Muslims and bring us back to the Deen of Allah .
positive	I love Nicki and Miley and may need to call in sick tomorrow because of it
negative	" People are like , " " Amy Schumer ? I do n't like her , she 's fat . " " And I 'm all like Ralphie May is fatter , and I do n't ... HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER @USER do n't troll people Curtis , tables may turn and lee will hunt you down and take you on telly ... ;) "
neutral	When did 1D pass us ? When they go up to the 1st when they was in the 6th ? #MTVStars Lady Gaga
negative	Them is fake fans lmfao . Real Frank ocean fans lowkwy ain't shit . Or that just may be me HTTPURL
positive	I feel like Brock Lesnar may be the only boyfriend that 's safe dating Rousey .
positive	Classes tomorrow ... Have you ever wanted to try Pilates or Yoga ? Great exercises for both mind and body ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER @USER nothing beats the Massholes that call WEEI about the Red Sox in January
positive	" Long time no see , I 've been watching Naruto not to spoil anything but it 's SO c00l and I can't wait for the latest episode which is tomorrow . "
positive	I 'm seeing Ed Sheeran on Wednesday in Miami so if you wanna meet up or say hi hmu !
neutral	I know this sounds desperate but can you guys please donate to help @USER see The Vamps on Wednesday ? HTTPURL
positive	Festival girl : I definitely want to see at least the end of Paul McCartney tonight ! Her friend : OMG yes . Paul played on Friday ...
negative	" John Kasich thinks the Roots are " " offensive " " HTTPURL "
neutral	Have you ever sat back and thought why people accepted the name Ice Cube as a reputable rap name ?
neutral	@USER Syco / Columbia have OT5 signed for 5 albums and a greatest hits . That means Zayn has to work on the 5th album or else he breaks +
neutral	The White Sox really are in no-man 's land . 4.5 games back in the 2nd Wild Card 1.5 games from a protected 1st rd pick
negative	" For months after Charlie Hebdo the government did nothing , worse yet , it lied . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Hoda Kotb tears up about Frank Gifford on ' Today ' : Hoda Kotb opened Monday 's 10 a.m. hour of the " " To ... HTTPURL #business "
positive	Best day watching some Baseball in the sun . Go Red Sox ! #fenwaypark #boston #redsox @USER Fenway Park HTTPURL
neutral	@USER that 's why it is called masterstroke or else it was known before Rahul Gandhi & kejriwal would have sat on dhana to oppose
neutral	" Tomorrow at work , when people talk to me , I 'm just going to slap my crotch and twerk in response . See if I get the same reaction Nicki did . "
neutral	@USER trying to do a pick up pre order for the 20th anniversary PS4 controller but it wo n't let me . Is it online only now ?
positive	#FreeAmir Is this the 4th or 5th XMAS Amir has spent in Iran Jail ? God Bless the Hekmati family ! DVA HTTPURL
neutral	Can Cate Blanchett win her 3rd Oscar with TRUTH ? Check out her acclaimed performance today & see for yourself HTTPURL
negative	I just realized that tomorrow night I will be staying 15 minutes away from where Ed Sheeran is and I can't see him . I am fucking upset .
neutral	" Kendrick Lamar has braids and he 's " " cool " " but I got laughed @USER for having four str 8 backs for 8th grade graduation ? ? ? .. "
positive	Just beat Dark Souls for the very first time ! Thanks to everyone who showed up and hung out along the way . Starting on Saturday : Bows only !
neutral	" All I did was look up " " Kpop " " and BTS was on the 3rd row . This makes me feel proud ? ? ? "
neutral	Zayn 's family have their last day in LA . They will be leaving tomorrow .
positive	Kris Bryant 's 21st home run on the season gives the Cubs an early 2-0 lead !
neutral	" Hillary Clinton , Caitlyn Jenner and Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai will kick off the 13th season of ... HTTPURL "
neutral	All home based players have been released from the Super Eagles camp for this weekend NPFL games . They are expected to resume on Monday
positive	This Wednesday is the last Twilight Race for the year at Ravenswood and will include a BBQ dinner for all riders ... HTTPURL
positive	Thank god brendan let @USER go back to Milan cuz he is to good to be sat on a bench . #Balotelli #goalmachine HTTPURL
positive	That brief scene of Ice Cube writing Friday in Straight Outta Compton made me laugh cos it reminded me of Kenny Powers writing his script
positive	The only thing that 's made me excited and happy about Friday is that Calibraska is released
neutral	" The last time David Wright hit a HR for the Mets , it was April 10 , 4 games into the season HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" One Week in Cincinnati : On Tuesday , July 21st , the day Ohio Governor John Kasich announced his bid for the Whi ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Pretty sure Hulk Hogan is not the 1st person to say something IN PRIVATE that he 'd rather not be out in public . Every single one of us has
positive	just really pumped to get Dunkin tomorrow tbh
positive	Celebrate the Fall Harvest at the Flickerwood Wine Fest September 26 & 27 in Kane HTTPURL #thingstodoinPA #fallharvest
negative	" @USER Saudi Arabia the centre of Islam , a Mecca for Muslims , have taken No fleeing Muslim refugees ! You 'd think be 1st place . "
neutral	2nd letter from Paul to the destitute Christians in Corinth . What a letter of encouragement . HTTPURL
positive	Enjoying Sharknado for the 3rd time in a row #Sharknado3
neutral	" WWE Raw results from Seattle , Washington ( August 10 ) - WWE World Heavyweight Champion , Seth Rollins opens the ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Episode 2 of Dark Souls : Please Just Kill Me will be going up tomorrow ! Not sure when , probably mid-day though , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" The GOP field is ( almost ) complete , after Ohio Governor John Kasich became the 17th major candidate to announce ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Almost done with U2 Discography review ! By Friday : NLOTH and ( hopefully ) Songs of Innocence !
positive	Great weekend wrap up with Milan win yesterday #ForzaMilan .. Great 2nd Half display ! HTTPURL
neutral	Anyone want to go to a Red Sox game tomorrow ? HMUUUU
neutral	" Rooney off , Kane on . Tickets are still available for Tuesday 's game v Switzerland at Wembley , by the way #cunningplan "
neutral	" If Dustin Johnson makes par at the 1st instead of quad , we have a ball game . He 's still fun to watch "
positive	Thank you Rolling Stone for publish drinking game rules for tomorrow 's debate . We are using it in Madrid
neutral	Rousey fight on the same card ? ! ? HTTPURL
positive	" If Prince George 's birthday is making all the news this morning , imagine the headlines tomorrow when it 's my birthday ! #birthdayboy "
neutral	@USER Hanging out here tomorrow but Friday I will be down in Prince George with my Aunt .
positive	" hi Nicki u famous n I know , but ama keep it short . I love u dearly , though u n d world may think am crazy cos De say I write blindly . "
positive	I still can't wrap my head around Kendrick and j cole 's Black Friday it 's too godly
neutral	" Arun Jaitley invites Rahul Gandhi to his daughter 's wedding : New Delhi , Nov 19 : As the wedding season is going ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER I feel like Bomani vs . Rovell intellectually is roughly equivalent to Rousey vs . a 4th grader in the octagon .
neutral	I feel like I 'm in 3rd grade again watching the VMAs . Kanye is to Trump as Nicki is to Miley .
neutral	it 's Naruto #Shippuden time meet your new 5th Hokaga for tonight on #Toonami HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER The danger ... stealth drone loaded with nuclear warhead . Israel or Saudi Arabia 1st target ?
positive	" Carmen Consoli at the Teatro degli Arcimboldi in Milan ! January 22 , not miss out ! Book your hotel at the best rate : HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER taking a day off got a photo shoot in Milan tomorrow at 6 :/
positive	" People always forget the fact that Shawn achieved so much in the age of 16 like his 1st single , EP and FIRST album ALL went # 1 on charts "
positive	What I like about Ryan Braun making all star game is hearing all the hatred for him . Assures me he may be a Brewer for life . I like that !
positive	" 1st day after Eid Vacation . Had a wonderful time all through . It was a bit raining in the evening , but enjoyed ... HTTPURL "
positive	So Shawn is meeting up with the jacks tomorrow I 'm expecting some hot ass pics
neutral	" Luxury > Watch : Jennifer Lawrence , Amy Schumer May Grace the Red Carpet in Same Dress > La - - HTTPURL #VIP "
positive	I hope Liam comes out tonight with balloons like Niall did for his 21st but on his arm how cute was that
neutral	Tristan McDaniel scores from one yard out to give Milan the 7-0 lead on Humboldt . 7:58 left in 1st
positive	" @USER Ca n't wait for this weekend , especially Saturday when my guy David Price is on the mound . I love that team . "
neutral	" Buy Moto G ( 3rd Gen , 16GB ) Just Rs . 12,999 with Exclusive Launch OFFERS - Flipkart HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER Picked up the new Moto G ( 2015 3rd Gen ) at my local US Cellular store this weekend .
positive	" @USER Naruto is great , it 's just a shame about filler . If I have to see Naruto sat on a swing or obito get crushed ONE MORE TIME "
neutral	" Thinking about stopping and getting Dunkin tomorrow before class , does my girlfriend want anything ? ! @USER "
positive	If Kris Bryant becomes Chris Davis are #Cubs fans mad ? I would take that . Davis this season 6th in homers leads the AL in RBI .
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER on start november cab you share a lot Time the #u2surprises event for U2 at Paris-Bercy ?
neutral	can some 1 pls tell me the name of the 1st song Nicki performed
positive	" Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day . Just in case you can't make it to the dining hall to satisfy your craving , here are some stores ... "
neutral	@USER but a friend of Briana said that Louis may not be the dad because she 's also hooking up with other guys that time
neutral	Glamorous dinner options : clam chowder or a chicken TV dinner . All sorts of fancy here at the Curtis household on a Saturday night .
negative	They killed the AMERICAN DREAM dusty Rhodes Now they taking the American hero Hulk Hogan . The people 's champ may be next
neutral	Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday ( A Tale Of 2 Citiez Remix ) ( Lyrics on screen ) HTTPURL via @USER King kunta the GOAT
negative	" @USER I just wanna wear a sweater and yoga pants tbh , but if I were to wear that tomorrow I would probably just die . "
neutral	" Lollapalooza 2015 day one : Paul McCartney is in a feisty mood : Reports from Friday , day one at Lollapalooza in ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Foo Fighters take on Westboro Baptist Church and much more in the August 24th Trend Report : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci trousers alter hoping against hope february broaden the bifurcated yours connotative toward closeness on ...
neutral	" Listened to " " No Vaseline " " by Ice Cube for the 1st time in years today . It made me realize how wack the Drake vs Meek Mill " " beef " " was . "
neutral	Curtis ties it midway thru 1st half
neutral	" @USER gucci , is the comp paper due tomorrow or not because we do n't have class tomorrow "
neutral	[ the Sun daily ] US clerk jailed for blocking gay marriage released : CHICAGO : The US county clerk sent to jail ... HTTPURL
negative	Kanye West running for president ? Trump actually being popular ? What the fuck ? This is n't reality . This is a saturday morning cartoon .
neutral	Liverpool flop Mario Balotelli delivers remarkable Real Madrid SNUB with Barcelona JOKE : Mar ... HTTPURL ff @USER
neutral	Big win and some guy named David Price is pitching for the Jays tomorrow
positive	" This house may be old , but it 's a new kind of house in Prince George 's County . #Net-Zero #energyefficiency HTTPURL "
positive	" So tomorrow when Calibraska comes out , everyone go get it and make it go to number 1 ! #CalibraskaEP "
positive	@USER Would you consider doing some Dark Souls 2 content in preparation for Dark Souls 3 in April ? DLC is great .
negative	" Even if he was n't a wrestler , I figure Dean Ambrose would still be drunkenly fighting someone every Monday night . "
neutral	Who wants to go on a date with me to the Ed sheeran concert on Thursday ? ... no one ? Alright lol
positive	It 's Friday and National Ice Cream Day and Food Truck Friday @USER so make sure you enjoy ! #btowneats
neutral	The sound of #Sunday with David Bowie - This Is Not America HTTPURL #webradio #internetradio
neutral	@USER what time Nige ? May come down with Niall and cheer you on .
positive	National Hot Dog Day is coming up on July 23rd ! Be one of the first 300 customers on Thursday July 23rd and get a ... HTTPURL
negative	" Hmmm ... November 29th is NOT a good day for melody . Monteverdi , Donizetti and George Harrison all died on this day ( a few years apart , true ) . "
neutral	" So LG5 will have a song about horoscopes ? " " Scorpio Moon " " " " Sun Of Leo " " " " Gemini Stars " " . #MTVStars Lady Gaga "
neutral	Would anyone want to see Jason Aldean September 19
neutral	" Dustin Johnson to local course : " " any tee times Saturday ? " " Course : " " no , but can we book something for you on Sunday ? " " DJ : " " No thanks . " " "
negative	" @USER After the 2nd round , you did your usual melodramatic spew that Dustin Johnson was in a class of his own . Same old garbage . "
neutral	This Naruto opening came out while I was in 8th grade and I went to the restroom just to watch it in awful quality : HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER It starts Tomorrow ? Eid was on the 17th July so from then today is the 12 of shawaal , Allahu A3lam "
positive	" @USER @USER In Tel Aviv in June - on a Shabbat afternoon , Muslims , Jews , Christians ... all together , enjoying the sun "
positive	" @USER Donald may not be to fuzzy on idea , but Carly Fiorina might make a good VP . She would help for Obvious reasons ! "
neutral	@USER is it true pumpkin is back tomorrow at Dunkin ? !
positive	Carly Fiorina may not ever have served in elected office but she 's prolly a better politician than most of the GOP field . #ForWhatThatsWorth
positive	" @USER she has Best Pop Vocal Album in the bag . She and Kendrick may win for Bad Blood ( Pop Duo and the video ) and Blank Space , SOTY "
positive	" The tribute to Janet Jackson six years after the death of his brother Michael Monday night , Janet Jackson is ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Kendrick is the most talented rapper alive , Black Friday is exhausting in a good way like HOW how do u just keep switching up like that "
positive	@USER you guys were amazing in Belfast on Monday night ! My pup Thor loves your music ! ! ! HTTPURL
positive	this is from January after the Charlie Hebdo attacks ... a beautiful moment of UNITY in the midst of tragedy . #paris HTTPURL
positive	But hey I have the Foo Fighters after my race tomorrow so I 'm not complaining
positive	" @USER Good question ! Contrary to common myth , in Islam women enjoy equal rights . I will talk in detail about women in Islam tomorrow :) "
neutral	Mets Insider : Monday may be Wright night : David Wright is still expected to join the Mets in Philadelphia Monday .
neutral	" GMS market commentary on ship breaking in week 30 . With Eid holidays now over , it was hoped that some resurgence ( .. HTTPURL "
positive	" also , a musing : i want to dance to david bowie and the soundtrack to saturday night fever . i 'd like there to be disco lights "
neutral	Scott Walker thought it 'd be a good idea to stiff his personal bodyguards . - HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER that 's funny . I thought Tony Blair did a deal with IRA ( Sinn Fein ) on Good Friday !
positive	When is Top Gear back on the BBC ? New presenter Chris Evans reveals date of show 's return : BBC Radio 2 and TFI Friday host discloses ...
neutral	" @USER Ive been working all weekend , still at work now . Watching Chuck Norris movies haha I 'll be at Ciecmate on Friday . See you there . "
negative	" So , tomorrow 's Dark Souls video that I just recorded might be the most confused I 've ever been on video . "
neutral	@USER buys and will make it easier for Kane to get goals not Top 4 contenders for me but 6th
positive	" This Wednesday 23rd December special Twilight Market at 4.00 pm until 6.30 pm , just in time to buy fresh for Christmas ! NO market Boxing Day "
positive	It 's ok . Steve wo n't die in Civil War bc Chris Evans has a 6 film contract and this will be the 5th film it 's ok x
negative	" @USER how the hell does every one else get to keep their religious and 1st amnt rights , except Christians ! ! ! This is just wrong ! ! ! "
positive	" Nirvana is heaven to the ancient hindu deities . They came to earth from Nirvana , the 6th planet in Orion really called Procyon . "
negative	" I 'd ask I anyone wants these issues of Rolling Stone from the mid - ' 00 , but c'mon ... There 's nothing worth saving here . It 's all kindling . "
neutral	literally sat all day playing sims n listening to Justin Bieber
neutral	" People are reporting that the Destiny free trial for PS4 on the PS Store may well be the complete base game , as ... HTTPURL "
neutral	#MLBFantasy Ryan Raburn belted a pair of solo home runs in Monday 's win over the White Sox .
positive	Congratulations to our Texas beauty for placing 1ST RUNNER UP at the Miss USA pageant last night ! WINX is the ... HTTPURL
neutral	Me right now with Tao ( because he used to be my 2nd bias ): Bad Blood
neutral	" Seth Rollins goes 0 for 2 on Monday Night Raw , and Sting pushes the statue into a garbage truck . "
positive	Yes I am spending my Friday night listening to the Bee Gees on loop . Do n't hate .
positive	" @USER @USER Kpop is a whole music genre . It 's actually very popular.You may not know what it is , but tons of other people do "
neutral	I use to have the biggest crush on twenty two year old Paul McCartney in 6th grade Jesus
neutral	@USER @USER @USER i would n't be that harsh . she may exploit holes in Rousey 's standup game . ... maybe .
neutral	@USER the little boy that sat next to us on eid and had the long hair .
neutral	15 times Prince George shook things up for the royal family - Prince George turned two on Tuesday ! In ... HTTPURL
negative	" @USER @USER @USER that I may have an idea , you have written all Christians and God totally off not willingTOthink "
positive	Thursday is my favorite holiday of the year ... NATIONAL HOT DOG DAY ! ! !
positive	#Birthday Happy Birthday to author Stephanie Meyer-writer of the Twilight series 42 December 24th HTTPURL
negative	If you 're seeing the weekend instead of Paul McCartney at lolla Friday I am judging the fuck out of you .
neutral	David de Gea has been told by Manchester United to forget about joining Real Madrid in January [ the sun ]
positive	" If I could make the Logic and Future shows in March and a Kendrick show , I 'd be content . "
neutral	@USER john cena without u on Rae it would not a good raw you are the main reason I watch Monday night Raw without you I can't watch it
positive	Josh Hamilton hit a 2 run bomb in the top of the 10th and Rangers fans probably thought it was over LMAO
neutral	" The creed of the Khawarij , who made takfeer on Muslims on less then sins ! You may answer , " " oh dawlah has the evidence and I trust then I "
negative	Floyd Mayweather fights Saturday and nobody cares at all because he picked a shit opponent and the fight can't even sell all the tickets lol
negative	Kanye West to run for US president No guys c'mon . POTUS is the most powerful man in the world . Get serious . Tho he 'd be bettern tham Trump
neutral	RIP Frank Gifford . The voice of Monday Night Football . I did n't know he was 84 . Condolences to his family and friends .
neutral	@USER Rahul Gandhi back to his home . Italy . May be the last time he goes before Feb 20 hearing . Next time Jail for sure . #congress
positive	Find out how Ice Cube changed the world with #StraightOuttaCompton in theaters TOMORROW ! HTTPURL
neutral	Special Programming Note : Tonight 's episode of Big Brother will air at 11:35 p.m. and Under the Dome will air Friday at 11:35 p.m.
positive	" Happy 6th birthday to Murray who celebrates with us @USER today ! We hope you , your friends and family enjoy your special day ! "
negative	Literally just laying here watching cat videos and the Rousey fight instead of sleeping ... tomorrow 's gonna suck .
neutral	Have n't paid attention to the British Open since Friday . What did you do Dustin Johnson ? What did you do ?
neutral	" #BioDiversity #Human Floyd Mayweather may know who Ronda Rousey is , but he certainly does n't seem to care . In ... HTTPURL "
positive	" my mom and I may have many differences , but we will always agree when it comes to Ed Sheeran .. #EdSheeran #perfection "
positive	I reached nirvana . Walking back from camping on a sunny Sunday morning listening to some good music . Ca n't beat it .
negative	#Rumors Kim Kardashian may be the West family matriarch but when it comes to ugly Christmas swe ... HTTPURL @USER
neutral	" gonna mull over getting a PS4 when stores are open again Tuesday . Will have to think of the weeb games coming , among other things . "
positive	" Happy Birthday , Prince George ! ! May the sun shine ever so brightly for you today ! HTTPURL "
positive	@USER U athleticism and fighting spirit conquer the 1st place over John Cena . The champ is here !
negative	@USER that sucks . I 'm forced to listen to Kpop on Thursday class . I guess my cells in brain are going to die out .
negative	Kanye West to run for President ? Is it April 1st already ? #ridiculous #CloudCuckooLand
positive	Sunday 7/19 is National Ice Cream Day and we 're celebrating with $ 1 Vanilla cones ! Come on by 4th & Osuna Sunday from 12 to 5 .
positive	angelou_jabines . @USER Attractive Katy Perry Images . You may want to see : HTTPURL
neutral	" If you could ask an onstage interview question at Miss USA tomorrow , what would it be ? "
neutral	" Sharknado 3 premiers tomorrow night , just letting yall know "
neutral	PSA : Sharknado 3 premiers tomorrow night on Syfy at 9/8 c . Stay tuned for a live tweet of the event .
neutral	Who 's going to ed sheeran 's concert on wednesday ? ?
neutral	Btw i may be a Seth Rollins mark but the reason I 'm not dragging him into this is cause you 'd be shocked by why you do n't know about people
positive	So Niall 's tweet increased my already existing pcd ... I need the 5th album to make me feel better ... just saying .
positive	Brock Lesnar to appear on @USER tomorrow at 9am oughta make good television . I wonder what mood he 'll be in .
neutral	" @USER But i guess the PS4 may have it too . We have a ' ' media player ' ' , and we can transfer songs to Share Factory using a USB drive . "
positive	70000 tickets sold for the milan derby next Sunday
positive	<Desiree> The Royalton Riviera Cancun is very kid-friendly ! Curtis just found out that he may not get to go on ... HTTPURL
positive	If laying in my bed eating candy while reading rolling stone on a Monday is n't having my life together then so be it
neutral	" @USER I have n't listened yet , and I 'm sure you did great , but I 'm worried you may be the Tom Brady to Gleeman 's Bledsoe . "
neutral	@USER That 's the trouble . If they are decent & Kane stays fit we may be ' ok ' . If that does n't happen then we are fucked . That simple
positive	Only good thing going right now is my David Bowie raccoon hat comes in on Saturday
neutral	" Sunday Creeper Sunday and the Top 50 Hitters , Week 21 - Do n't worry , I 'm not going to talk about U2 . I already go ... HTTPURL "
positive	im really about to see Travis Garland and Janet Jackson in the same week in October .. sometimes my life is blissful .
neutral	Nigeria 's Super Eagles have arrived in Tanzania ahead of the game against the Taifa Stars on Saturday . Super ... HTTPURL
negative	Wake up to not really caring that Kris Bryant hit a walk off . Caring that the Cubs gave up 4 stinking runs in the top of the 9th .
positive	Josh 's T-shirt for Star Wars day in school on Friday . HTTPURL
negative	Yes it is . Bori practitioners have survived by not attempting to abandon Islam . So they blend in easily . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER gucci bc we 're ( do n't know who else tbh ) going sunday
positive	" I think my Econ TA may be the funniest person I have ever met . Rock on , Thor "
neutral	" Orioles and Rays losing . Red Sox could be tied for 4th , two games out of 3rd . Not exactly cue the duck boats time but what the heck . "
neutral	@USER this is off the Charlie Hebdo shooting in January
positive	Floyd Mayweather fight September 12 ! Come on down for the excitement & grab your seat early ! ! #MayweatherBerto
neutral	My q to @USER is ; if people who endorse you say ' we are at war with Islam ' ( HTTPURL ) - who do you really represent ?
neutral	Let 's hope she does n't pull a Frank Ocean HTTPURL
neutral	" August 9th , 10:10 pm & still no sign of FranK Ocean . I 'll wait for you . "
neutral	Prince George joins the Out campaign . HTTPURL
positive	@USER I 'm backing the Bianconeri to go one further in the final & win the #UCL on home soil in Milan in May . Pogba-inspired Juve !
neutral	On the other hand jason aldean on Saturday
neutral	Gay marriage in focus as Faroe Islands votes : Faroe Islanders headed to the polls on Tuesday to elect a new pa ... HTTPURL
positive	" Ant-Man starts tonight ! PG - 13 . Showtimes 7pm each night , 4 & 7 weekends . Monday matinee , August 17th . , - Fried ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Paul Dunne now tied for 19th through 13 holes . He is 4 - over on the day and 8 - under overall .
neutral	Sampdoria-Milan : The Rossoneri squad : Here is the squad of Milan . AC Milan face U . C . Sampdoria on Thursday eve ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER Extension on Xbox One beta and increase level cap ? No work tomorrow . ( PS4 had problems , they got extra day ) "
neutral	The Israel Antiquities Authority turned to the public on Tuesday in a Facebook post in an attempt to understand ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER @USER If the price is " " artificially " " pushed up , may be they should develop in Prince George ? "
neutral	" Ellern : " " Someone alert the Real Madrid doctor team ! Bale may experience back pain after carrying Wales to the quarterfinals in France ! " " #2016 "
neutral	" New post : Boko Haram : Buhari storms Cameroun tomorrow with six govs , Benin Saturday HTTPURL "
negative	Correa . Damn phone still autocorrecting from the Rousey fight Saturday .
positive	I love how the video came out august 21st . Zayn is always making his presence known .
neutral	George Osborne to announce spending review 25 November - two weeks after #economicsfest and one week after our Festival of the Future City
positive	" I now declare today Star Wars Day , may the box office records be ever in your favor "
positive	" On the menu , Briana 's 1st - Prize Venison Chili : I made this my first time participating in a chili c ... HTTPURL #Good Food "
neutral	Walked backstage and behind the bandstand I sat on Paul McCartney 's amp cases where security told me to sit while the Wings began the show .
neutral	Going for England 3-0 tonight ! Kane 1st goal . ( if starts ) #Eng
neutral	" Modric celebrates 30th birthday : The Croatian player is in his fourth season at Real Madrid , where he has alre ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Hope Paul Dunne 's boss lets him have tomorrow off for the final round . #TheOpen
neutral	What if Caitlyn Jenner is actually the worlds ultimate April Fools joke ?
positive	" Totally worth watching Nirvana 's 1st interview w / MTV , if only for @USER ' s banter towards the end . HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER awesome Monday ... no blues :) is it safe to request iron maiden 's speed of light ?
negative	" The scariest thing about Kanye West announcing his intention to run for president , is that some people may actually vote for the fool . "
neutral	Have I missed the bit where someone said that Chris Evans is supposed to wear the same t-shirt every week on TFI Friday ?
positive	" I think Frank Ocean should release on November , he 's music is great for the summer . @USER @USER @USER "
negative	You may remember Frank Gifford as a great football player or broadcaster . But I remember him as the guy who wanted anal from a stewardess
positive	So I bet anyone money that tomorrow John Cena beats Rollins and Sheamus comes out and cashes in the money in the bank
negative	Caitlyn Jenner is being charges for vehicular manslaughter cause someone died in a car accident in February . Does she go to male or female
neutral	" Not that I do n't love Seth Rollins , he 's gold on the belts . But this may be Sting 's only title run sooo #StingOnRaw #RAW #RawTampa "
neutral	You know Gaga was cackling as she made her 6th sacrificial offering of the day while Nicki called out Miley last night
positive	Cubs win ! Walk off home run in the 10th by the blue eyed killa Kris Bryant !
neutral	@USER Rahul Gandhi 's Mumbai millions - Backops Limited and it 's prestigious projects . HTTPURL
neutral	" Murray is outshooting St . Mary 6-4 in the 21st minute , but still no score . "
positive	@USER love her ! Went in December with my Dad and going back to see her tomorrow with Shawn ! She 's incredible .
neutral	@USER lol remember Zayn 's old tweet that said to watch out for august 21st that 's what we 're joking about
neutral	David De Geas 29m move from Manchester United to Real Madrid may be off after it failed to beat the Spanish transfer deadline .
negative	" @USER snopes may be right , but we all know Islam is alive in Dearborn MI can't deny that Not sayin ' sign is real , but the threat is ! "
neutral	I want to play FIFA but I do n't want to lose my 3rd place spot in Serie A and let the people of Milan down smh
positive	Gotta put the Nirvana shirts on hold until Wednesday . Guess I 'll try to look decent
neutral	Hey john cena I hope you will make to Monday night raw to challenge Seth Rollins #johncenavssethrollns
neutral	Blue Jays ace David Price recently sat down for The Interview with Sportsnet magazine HTTPURL
positive	J Cole said Kendrick Lamar was BETTER than himself and that he may be the closest thing to pac that hip hop will ever see ! !
negative	So we still just gonna ignore the fact that frank ocean has n't dropped his album and it 's August 23 lmao ?
positive	" This Red Sox team , this one , start over in May they win the pennant and good chance at WORLD SERIES ... GO SOX "
neutral	I think The Stone Roses might be on TFI Friday tonight ! ! Since Chris Evans said this weeks guest was special and they did n't name them !
positive	" If tickets are still on sale next paycheck , somebody needs to come see Zac Brown Band at the Nationals Stadium on the 14th #JekyllnHydeTour "
negative	Rahul Gandhi : Ready to go to jail if allegations are proved against me : Breaking his silence on Thursday over the allegations against ...
neutral	" come buy a Rolling Stone from 1971 Concerts for Bangladesh 1 August 1971 , organised by the one & only @USER HTTPURL "
neutral	anyone wanna go see jason aldean with me september 17th in toronto hmu
neutral	" John Kasich , you may know him ? Anyone ? #GOPDebate "
neutral	" Twitchy : At the MTV Video Music Awards Sunday night , Kanye West concluded an acceptance speech ... HTTPURL #WakeUpAmerica "
negative	" He thinks hijabs should be banned ' cause of the actions of Boko Haram ... that guy should be quarantined , for his stupidity may be contagious . "
positive	This article on Scott Walker .. is the best . #ILoveWriters HTTPURL
neutral	I had a dream Milan hired Mourinho and he got us our 8th champions league title . Em ... em ... i think it 's time to change this pillow .
positive	My hope for the two remaining empty podiums on Thursday is Chris Christie and John Kasich .
neutral	Please tell me someone else noticed the Fourth of July instrumental in Paper Towns
positive	I was watching Friday rn and Ice Cube uhh was pretty good looking if you ask me
positive	My submission for the Dark Souls story contest . You all may as well quit now i got this in the bag . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER Is it true that Pappu may visit Yakub 's family after inspiring the FTII junkies sufficiently in Pune ?
neutral	" and Then the hilarious Sheamus Cash-In scenario , which must have been a botch on Randy Orton 's part ... HTTPURL #RAW "
positive	" LONDON , July 28 ( Reuters ) - British finance minister George Osborne has appointed economist Gertjan Vlieghe to serve on the Bank of "
positive	" Excited to read " " Go Set a Watchman " " on Tuesday . But can it possibly live up to " " To Kill a Mockingbird ? " " Any opinions ? "
negative	@USER if you have n't seen Hulk Hogan 's twitter feed yet ... it may be a display of a bad week getting even worse ...
positive	" Radio just played Taylor Swift 's " " Bad Blood " " followed by Kath Perry 's " " Last Friday Night . " " Clever girl . "
positive	" Photoset : phineas 4cobain : youremyvitamins : Nirvana , Sydney , February 7 , 1992 love the fact that dave is ... HTTPURL "
positive	Thanks very much Shawn ! I hope you 're having a great Monday ! HTTPURL
neutral	I just went with Tom Brady 2nd overall . Did I win or ... ?
positive	Nirvana and whiskey it 's a Wednesday night get wit me
positive	Joe Kelly with his 7th straight win ! Bullpen still sucks but Red Sox still win ! HTTPURL
neutral	@USER in the pub on a Sunday but .. I am sat next to some Christians #doesthatcount #atheist #cheersforthethunderstorm
positive	@USER Sam Smith 's voice alone proves he is n't trash you may not like his style but you can't deny that voice
neutral	Zayn may be performing at the #VMAs Im not ready
neutral	" When our love for something or someone takes us out of the boundaries of Islam , that love that may once have been ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" David Wright homers in 1st at-bat , says he 's ready for pennant race - via @USER App HTTPURL "
neutral	Saw Straight Outta Compton .. and i did n't know Ice Cube wrote the script for Friday !
neutral	" @USER @USER they may have looked at the movie Collateral Damage , Curtis and Neri the villeins "
positive	" Yes , we are to let people see the glory of God working through us . Shine on Christians . HTTPURL "
positive	George Osborne parties with aristocrats and downs champagne on his 21st birthday HTTPURL George was born a Tosser looks one
negative	Everything under the sun is a weapon against Muslims ! HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER we gambled that team would stay third all season , just like we gambled kane alone would get us through 1st games "
positive	After Wednesday 's twilight market check out the lovely local lights like these in Gladesville Drive . Invite friends ! HTTPURL
neutral	John Cena may not be able to beat Seth Rollins but at least he can stop a boulder and saved Scooby Doo #rekt HTTPURL
positive	" Monday Night #RAW : Roman Reigns , Dean Ambrose , Luke Harper and Bray Wyatt put on a good fight tonight . HTTPURL "
neutral	Come back to Milan @USER ! This one has your name all over it ! HTTPURL
positive	The weeknd released the new album and Ed Sheeran is on it . Happy Friday everyone
positive	" Kendrick on the 20th , so damn ready "
negative	" HTTPURL Trump at it again , this time the target fellow candidate Carly Fiorina "
positive	& then Foo Fighters Sunday ... this one is so excited he 'll prob poo his pants @USER
neutral	@USER When 's your birthday again ? Mines at the very end of the month the 29th . I order Janet Jackson tickets last night
neutral	Trying to make plans to get my tattoo tomorrow and go see Paper Towns .
positive	" Anyone 's going on 29 July for ME5CALINE , IAG and FOURXBRID 's performances ? ! If Kpop fans are going , favourite ! ^ ^ #rpconfessions "
negative	@USER how the hell is a Dunkin gonna close before 6 on a Thursday ?
positive	@USER Thor 's back Friday for stitches out ! What 's up with Briancat ?
neutral	Seth Rollins broke John Cena nose during the match WWE July 27 2015 : HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	@USER What is the significance of Sept 9th and U2 announcing / releasing things ?
negative	If Yakub is not dead by this time tomorrow - let the judges who delayed it pay for his upkeep.My tax money is not meant to for terrorists
positive	" oh , hi ! just listening to sam smith 's " " like i can " " and weeping ! happy wednesday ! "
neutral	zayn will be sat with his mum now probably cooking and talking and annoying his little sisters and I want to be there to see it bye
neutral	" Debate standings : Perry in 11th place ( not likely to make cut ) . #RickPerry " " Chris Christie , John Kasich and ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Hey sugar junkies ! Do n't miss our Sugar Blues Workshop with Abbi Miller Holistic Nutrition + Yoga on Tuesday , ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER fingers crossed you see kane tomorrow got to meet up with your boyf
negative	" A 60 mile flame burning hotter than the surface of the sun ! ? ! Come on Sharknado , that is even ridiculous for you . "
neutral	" @USER of course , you can always use the fact that today , Thursday , Thor 's day , celebrates another religion , thus apostasy . "
negative	But the first openly gay player would n't have been a distraction ? And he 's not even on an NFL roster anymore . HTTPURL
positive	" There are perks of being an Oakland Raider . One of them : Ice Cube takes care of you . On Wednesday night , the ... HTTPURL "
negative	@USER Please refrain from interupting Dan 's rants on Dana White with a stupid ass Sunday Countdown commercial ... k ? thanks !
neutral	" @USER I just rewatched the whole first season , for the 2nd time ! This is blasphemy ! In the words of U2 " " I feel numb " " #Hindsight "
positive	" April is the best part of sharknado ! If April dies , Sharknado will jump the shark @USER #AprilLives #Sharknado3 #OhHellNo #AprilLives "
neutral	Quick question : Has anyone seen or heard of Dustin Johnson recently ? He was last seen at the beginning of Friday 's second round . #bbcgolf
negative	Giving him till the 24th to fix his shit or else anyone who tells me they like Frank Ocean is gonna get slapped
positive	@USER Happy 2nd Birthday Prince George hope you have a fun day x
negative	" @USER A threat or just willing to open her mouth .. reality falls out . Hardly Tony Blair Or , may it be added Jeremy Corbyn Marine Le Pen "
negative	@USER let me rephrase the 3rd reason Fandom stuff . if Naruto is the only anime you 've seen then nope .
neutral	@USER @USER you will spend quite time in Italy.Do you want to see Milan ? May be I can arrange some tkt for you . Milan Palermo ?
neutral	So if you guys are after weekly $ 60 + PS4 tournaments then head here and support the @USER Sunday ODC ! HTTPURL
neutral	Tryna get the Gucci Foamposites tomorrow !
negative	This may be the weirdest thing I 've ever #Seen . Fireworks by Katy Perry ( Yoko Ono cover ) HTTPURL
negative	" @USER it 's a disgrace that the game came out in japan on 28th March smh , naruto games come out within a week worldwide "
negative	" The US is so weak , Iran is now letting uranium fall into the hands of the Russians . #makeamericagreatagain HTTPURL "
neutral	" Kendrick 's Black Friday on replay , gonna be that kind of day . "
positive	BBTN : Kris Bryant hit his 1st career walk-off HR for the @USER last night and he seemed to enjoy it . pic.twitt ... HTTPURL
neutral	" As of August 16 , Roman Reigns , Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins have worked the most matches so far for the year ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER target acquired , tom brady , thursday night , you get fined , i will start a gofundme page to pay it for you :p <3 "
positive	I 'm going to see Paper Towns again tomorrow with a friend yay
positive	" How ironic is it that on Sundae , July 19th , which apparently is National Ice Cream Day , I ordered two blizzards at DQ instead of one ? "
negative	Janet Street Porter shocks viewers with her comments about Prince George HTTPURL Well Done JSP Bang on Right
negative	" Chuck Norris may have unlimited strength and endurance , but you know what he does n't have ? Friends . "
neutral	It 's been pouring for 3 days I 'm starting to look like one of those twilight characters . Where 's that doggon sun yo Damn you Florida .
neutral	" #MLBFantasy Rusney Castillo provided all five Red Sox runs in Monday 's victory over the White Sox , finishing 3 - for - 4 . "
positive	Filming update : it is NOT the next Captain America that 's filming tomorrow BUT is it a movie with Chris Evans ! I So still a yay !
neutral	" guys Vevo may not be updating , Bad Blood took 3 months to get 3M likes , we could 've broken the record . keep refreshing #DragMeDownMusicVideo "
positive	" @USER My bag got checked at the Edwards Mira Mesa this past Saturday . I was going to see " " Paper Towns . " " :p "
positive	" Really has to start watching the Sharknado movies now . They'e already on 3 and announcing a 4th movie , and I have yet to see even 1 / o \ "
neutral	" Dana White is trying to make Anderson vs Belfort II happen . Do n't bother , Anderson would pepper him just like the 1st time "
positive	" @USER # Dark Souls 3 comes out in March . I know you love it , and you 've tried with Dark Souls 1 & 2 to no avail . "
negative	Working Friday morning shift at Dunkin is actually the most stressful thing you could do . #godhelpme
neutral	" I anxiously Google " " frank ocean " " all day long like he 's an ex-boyfriend and I 'm on Facebook and it 's 2AM on a Saturday . "
positive	Foo Fighters in St . Paul with Bennett on his 17th birthday . A spur-of-the-moment decision that ended up working out ! HTTPURL
positive	@USER : Ca n't spell Star Hotshots without the word SHORT . Go Ant-Man ! ! ! HTTPURL
positive	" #AprilLives because the gorgeous @USER IS the franchise player ! Aliens has Ripley , Sharknado has April ! ! #Sharknado3 "
neutral	@USER I finished TKAM last Thursday ! Let me know what you thing about Watchman
neutral	" @USER Nah man , John Cena 's origins are from Krypton . This dude was just signed , in April I believe , he 's currently training . "
negative	That Taylor Swift ' Bad Blood ' may be the worst quality / budget music video I 've ever watched
neutral	" Chris Evans directed and stars in the romantic comedy , Before We Go . In cinemas Friday . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Another Day , another chance to say , " " Free Gucci ... he free now ? Nah ? Aiigh . See you same time same place tomorrow to try again bro . " " "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER are you going to Shawn 's show on the 8th ? ? ?
neutral	Gucci plenty foreconscious unbashfulness february crown the double yours virus inward-bound relatedness so as ...
positive	August 24 I will go to New York for the Summer Slam ! ! ! Do not wait when Undertaker Funeral career Brock Lesnar . HTTPURL
negative	Shit I see Ed Sheeran next Saturday and Niall 's birthday is the day after I 'm about to be so fucked up
positive	Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day . Do what you will with this knowledge . I 'm probs gonna eat some ice cream .
neutral	Rousey would kill Floyd if she could catch him ! #run floyd run HTTPURL
positive	" Hell same with frank ocean , jhene aiko ( thanks bre for putting my down 6th grade ) , and mf Tori Kelly ... I remember her YouTube days lmao "
positive	Great to see David Price tie Blue Jays strike out record as 1st time hurler for Jays who tighten wild card race with big win over Minn .
neutral	It 's the 5th pic Zayn posted today ... he posted this on FB ok man r u gonna kill me HTTPURL
negative	" @USER @USER it was n't a fair fight , it just proves that Seth Rollins can't win a title w / o someone taking his opponent down 1st ! "
negative	dolorous edd would be the kid in 7th grade who nods when ppl talk about nirvana but has no actual idea what it is
neutral	" This may be the odd David Bowie song here and there , but never listened to a full album . "
positive	" Hear Janet Jackson 's Soulful New Song , ' Unbreakable ' - Fresh off unveiling the track list and cover for her 11th L ... HTTPURL "
negative	Still can't believe Ryan Braun and Jew Unit were able to beat the 1st test on technicality that his piss was mishandled !
neutral	" @USER Naruto stepped into the hotspring , keeping the towel around his waist as he sat down . " " So , how have you been doing , Teme ? " " "
positive	[ Chicago Sun-Times ] White Sox rookie Carlos Rodon continues to make strides HTTPURL #Mariners
neutral	" @USER Fowler a legit option ? and if he is , what happens to Juan ? 4th OF ? maybe splits with Curtis and fowler moves to RF some days ? "
positive	Presenting the 5th annual Eid family fun day . See me perform an lots more from 10:30- 7pm 26/7 / 15 address TW4 5HU HTTPURL
positive	@USER Thanks Curtis ! Hope you have an awesome Friday the 13th !
negative	" @USER @USER Agree ! I watch with my mum and it 's our monday night show , that 's not gonna happen anymore ! All bc of Big Brother "
neutral	" and the reason why they went with Murray , he went 26 yards on that run . Faked half the Sun Devils out of their jocks . "
neutral	" Why Jason just said Cole and Kendrick dropping the album I 'm February . He 's like go listen to Black Friday , it 's the last thing he says "
positive	Tomorrow ! Finally ! Here are 8 money lessons from the movie Star Wars Day : 8 Financial Lessons for May the Fourth HTTPURL
neutral	" Hauschka is $ from 27 yards out . Seahawks up 13-6 with 6:19 left in the 3rd . #SEAvsSD and my The #Mariners still lead the White Sox , 5-2 . "
neutral	That may be it for the Mets tonight . You may not get a better scoring chance than bases loaded with David Wright up . Three more outs to go .
negative	Giving Iran nuclear missile technology will create global warming this may make even more terrorist lose their jobs so its ISIS i guess .
neutral	It 's true . 93.8 % of Christians in the U . S . are in prison . HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Such a shit argument . Big Brother gets millions of viewers , the Sun has millions of readers . Does n't make them quality "
neutral	" Kris Bryant hits a two-out , two-run double in the 5th , to get the Cubs within 2 , 7-5 . "
neutral	" Sunday : Tri Aerobics , Power Abs & Yoga in the AM , then Zumba , Intermediate Pilates & Beginners ' Pilates in the PM . HTTPURL "
negative	@USER That may explain the problem we 're having with Muslims fundamentalists .
neutral	" Nirvana will represent #TeamTwerk / The U . K . in the 3rd Popptartvision with the song " " Smells Like Teen Spirit " " HTTPURL "
positive	@USER can't wait for sunday at #Battleground randy orton is going to distroy sheamus .
neutral	" SOPHOMORES ! If you plan on coming to float building come to Sam Crain 's house Sunday at 2 ! ! Contact any stuco member , Zayn , Emilie , or Bella "
neutral	" @USER @USER I get u , but for me , the emotion / anger in Kendrick makes him much more like Tupac . Blacker the berry , Black Friday , U , etc . "
neutral	@USER any idea or best guess when the PS4 digital download might go live on Monday ?
negative	Rousey keeps running her mouth like the 3rd grader with a crush .
neutral	Keep voting for Lady Gaga by just RETWEETING this tweet ! VOTING ENDS TOMORROW ! #MTVStars Lady Gaga HTTPURL
positive	" One of the advantages to living in SC is we get to meet candidates in person , going to meet Carly Fiorina tomorrow , a competent honest woman "
neutral	" Just sat through " " watching " " Twilight for the first time while Abby asked questions , I kid you not , the whole time . @USER "
neutral	Going to pick myself up at PS4 on the 11th me thinks
neutral	" NATIONAL ICE CREAM DAY Sunday , July 19th is National Ice Cream Day . Click here to find out where you can get a free cone . "
positive	im so excited for civil war in may i just want chris evans in my life 24/7
positive	" My song of the year , Kendrick Lamar - Momma . My verse of the year , the 2nd verse of Momma . You 'd only understand if u know me "
positive	As if another reason was needed to love the Foo Fighters ... not the 1st time they 've made their stance known in KC . HTTPURL
negative	I just drafted Tom Brady in the 6th round and I 'm disgusted with myself
positive	@USER July 22nd so I could be with my best friend listening to Shawn again . @USER
neutral	@USER It may be the same as Naruto for me I hate the anime but love the game .
positive	Carol is the most stunning film ( and Cate Blanchett should win everything ) - 5 stars from @USER says is all : HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER Unfortunately not ! But we are promoting I 'll Give You the Sun at Paper Towns screenings today .
neutral	Rumour has it @USER will be joining FCC on 22nd of August for fines night dress as Hulk Hogan ? @USER @USER
negative	" @USER 1st , islam is an ideologie and not a race , 2nd , It is a mono ideologie that rejects - destroys all the others ! Wake up ! "
positive	It 's time for Sharknado 3 . We know how to live it up on Saturday night .
neutral	" Would the bigger story be 3rd straight major for @USER or win by an am from Ireland , Paul Dunne , @USER ? Hmmm "
positive	Our Term 3 Mama Brown Thursday Twilight finished with a bang last night - grand final results are below : ... HTTPURL
neutral	Also make Mutton compulsory meal for everybody during Christmas and Eid ? HTTPURL
neutral	The ban on the Islamic Movement in Israel : The morning of 17 December 2015 brought a new reality to the Palest ... HTTPURL
neutral	I just watched Saturday Night Live - October 10 - Amy Schumer with the new NBC app . Download on iTunes ! HTTPURL
positive	I feel like there will be another Friday and Ice cube will have his son play in it with him
neutral	Brb while I delete 75 % of my camera roll off my phone to make room for Sam Smith tomorrow .
neutral	" ryan bowie leads the lumberjacks in points with 21 . he may be related to david bowie , but i doubt it . "
positive	@USER i hope you 're ready for March 24 because that 's when i transmute into Dark Souls Danielle
positive	" it 's an EXTREMELY rare occurrence when @USER writes a professional column , so enjoy his frank gifford sendoff HTTPURL "
positive	Kris Bryant helped the Chicago Cubs to a sweet victory against the Arizona Diamondbacks Sunday when he smashed the record for longest hit
neutral	Prince George can't wait to take the crown from his dad . HTTPURL
positive	Whoa ! Carly Fiorina had interview with Chris Matthews after 1st debate and even he was impressed ... HTTPURL
neutral	" my mom just came in to my room , sat down on my bed , and with a straight face said " " Tina , 24 days until we see Ed Sheeran .. what do I wear ? ! " " "
neutral	Saying jumbo shrimp on the menu when it is CLEARLY not is just as offensive as homegirl from Friday saying she looked like Janet Jackson .
positive	Jays are now 2.5 games back of the Yankees for 1st place . won 7 in a row and David Price is 2-0 as a Blue Jay ! 6-0 over the yankees #MLB
neutral	I may have just gotten my friend into kpop
neutral	being gay is a struggle . the person u like may never have mutual feelings bc she 's straight #ShesKindaHotVMA
positive	My 8 hour shift will consist of me thinking about Ed Sheeran tomorrow
positive	Before there was Michael Strahan sitting there with Kelly there was Frank Gifford HTTPURL
positive	Star Wars Day ! May the force be with you . @USER Studio Movie Grill HTTPURL
positive	@USER TKaMB is her favorite book and Atticus is ( was ) her favorite literary character . I hear Comes a Watchman was the 1st book
neutral	" You do know the term " " Bye Felicia " " was made by Ice Cube in the movie Friday and not some bullshit vine right ? "
positive	" In the Name of God , I pray for peace to all Muslims , Jews , Christians , world peoples . May all Praise and Glory be to God , forever ! "
neutral	David Wright is 2nd All-Time in WAR for the Mets and # 1 among batters . Can he return to form ? HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER guys chill we dont know shit about briana we may not like the fact she 's here but calling her names is rude
negative	i hope the management understand we need some quality players come to Milan not only @USER :) HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Paul dunne , 2500/1 on Thursday . You normally do an amateur do n't you ! Hope you had him ? "
positive	I am listening to @USER ' s ( with @USER ) version of Bad Blood for the 11th time this night.Hope you come to Australia with pmj
positive	I was Saddened to hear of the death of Frank Gifford . I only saw him on Monday Night Football but he was great . He will be missed .
positive	@USER @USER @USER @USER I feel next season may be better for Vicki if Briana is on #RHOC with adorable boys . #positive
positive	Hail #Thor ! Hail son of #Odin and the #Earth ! Hail the thunderer ! May he protect us guard us ! Hail Thor ! #Asatru HTTPURL
positive	Do you feel at home when you 're at Curtis ? We want to make others feel just as welcome . Come early on Sunday to greet our guests !
neutral	" Tennis US open : Nishikori loses in the 1st round , Dimitrov in the 2nd , Nadal in the 3rd , Murray in the 4th.Who will exit in QF ? Let us wait & see "
positive	Just watched Sharknado 3 can't wait for the 4th
neutral	@USER I 'm about to be an old lady soon and watch Big Brother with some sprite . May get frisky and have some soup .
neutral	I may have just exceeded my gay
positive	Seth Rollins becomes the 3rd man in history ( Goldberg & Booker T ) to hold both World Championship & United States Championship #SummerSlam
negative	Statement made by Rahul Gandhi proved his ill intent and criminality . His statement proved thy want themself 1st than this Great Nation .
positive	" No work for the rest of the week means Ant-Man tomorrow morning , followed by a trip to the comic shop , and much lazing about . "
positive	@USER oml ... Kendrick Lamar is freaking amazing .. have you heard black Friday ?
neutral	" Monday #SEC Takeaway : Kyler Murray is electric , but #Aggies need to stick w / Kyle Allen . Too one dimensional with Murray at QB right now . "
neutral	It 's 4 am and i 've just realised that Calibraska is out tomorrow . Oh .
positive	Thor thinks he 's a lap dog and a face cleaner ... Fun personality for sure :) He will be with us again tomorrow in ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER I 'm hearing Real Madrid may have the option to block it
neutral	" On Wednesday afternoon , the Yankees took out their bats and began to wreck things in a 13-8 win over the Red Sox . HTTPURL "
negative	Lol watch how the media paints Nicki as an angry black woman tomorrow morning and miley as the victim #bye
negative	Hohohohohohohoho This may be the beginning of our end ! Iran too is standing at the corner o HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER why do n't you like John Kasich ? He is rising in the polls , 2nd in NH . He 's picking up endorsements , yet no coverage from you . "
positive	" #idf15 is to techies what religious retreats are to Christians . Sure it 's fun and sure you feel a bunch of stuff , but there 's work tomorrow . "
positive	Kanye west may be a conceited son of a bitch but he 's still one of the best rappers of all time
neutral	" Kendrick Lamar got 11 Grammy nominations , and @USER got a piping hot chocolate . Tomorrow 's first bell trivia will be about movies . "
positive	" @USER Happy Birthday , I 'm beating you on 2K when I get my PS4 tomorrow This will be your present . "
neutral	Peppermint & liquorice tea & Scott Walker on the player . Content Wednesday evening downtime
neutral	#SerieA 2nd half between Milan and Hellas Verona has just been started ! current score 0-0 #ac ver HTTPURL
neutral	So Kanye West just replaced Frank Ocean as the headliner for FYF on Saturday ...
neutral	" Today was the 4th time that Anthony Rizzo and Kris Bryant homered on the same day , the first time since July 16 at the Indians . #Cubs "
positive	Selling 2 tickets for The Vamps tour London O2 on the 2nd of April Block 108 Face value . Dm for more details ! ! @USER ! !
neutral	I 'm pretty sad that this is the first time I 've heard Black Friday by Kendrick and J.cole
positive	" @USER Oh so you 're a fan of The Vamps , how nice ! Well , I 'm a fan of 5SOS and I 'll also buy a ticket on sat . "
positive	I 'm at the point of drunkenness where I lay in bed and eat plain tortillas while I watch twilight zone reruns . It 's a wild fucking Saturday .
neutral	. @USER #PickSix : Dana White announcing Holly Holm 's next fight wo n't be until a July rematch with Ronda Rousey is ___ . #HomeTeam
positive	Paper Towns is amazingly playing in Fremont tomorrow and now I feel obligated to go see it .
positive	<Curtis> As you may have seen in previous posts Jen has done an amazing job on the chalkboard . That being said ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Milan Tomorrow in Moscow To engage in charity , now in the Donbas HTTPURL "
neutral	Anyone wanna buy 2 Jason Aldean tickets for this Thursday at Darien lake ? You can camp with me and Dj for free !
positive	Football update 7pm Scrimmage game v JCM Tuesday night at USJ . Rumor has it that Chuck Norris and Hulk Hogan will fight at halftime .
positive	I GET TO GO SEE SHAWN ON WEDNESDAY IM SO HAPPY @USER H-town is going to be lit
neutral	Tom Brady : A Free Man : There are parades in the streets of New England ! Historians are saying Thursday Septemb ... HTTPURL
neutral	Real Madrid to make announcement on David De ... HTTPURL
positive	How Will I Know Sam Smith may be the greatest thing I 've ever heard
neutral	Carly Fiorina fails to understand our 1st Amendment Freedom of Religion goes with us everywhere . In an interview ... HTTPURL
positive	" @USER Such an interesting sound at the time , for me , less so after Curtis , but remember the storm Blue Monday caused @USER "
positive	I can't believe tomorrow im seeing the loml 's again for the 3rd time but Zayn wo n't be there and I did n't even think about that .
neutral	" Quiet Sunday . Had a nap , so hopefully I can wake up in time for the show at 4pm . Going to play this bloke , David Bowie . Heard of him ? "
neutral	" These five music videos I have posted on my wall tonight ( 12-4 ): = Here Comes The Sun , George Harrison , = ( The ... HTTPURL "
neutral	How do you like your #MHdog ? Let us know on National Hot Dog Day this Thursday by using #MHdog #buffalodog HTTPURL
positive	" let this poor Chris Evans beat the real Chris Evans for once , would treat family to a holiday :-) HTTPURL "
neutral	I think playing Dark Souls has literally removed any calmness I may have had about dying in video games .
neutral	Some of you are more interested in Mikel Obi playing for Super Eagles than Mikel Obi himself . Dude may be more concerned about making money .
positive	" Proper throw back Thursday playing Frank Ocean in the pub , so happs rn "
negative	What 's the requirement to work at Dunkin ? Complete up to 8th grade ? Reasons I hate going there . No people skills .
positive	Literally planning to go to the movies just so I can see the dell commercial and scream ITS JACK AND JACK ! BUY CALIBRASKA ON THE 24TH ! !
positive	Red Sox score eight in the 4th Where has this been all season ? ! These guys are having fun out there ! HTTPURL
neutral	Sam Smith - I 'm Not the Only One ( Jun Sung Ahn ) Violin Cover HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	" You know most people who call you " " KPOP " " or " " EXO " " are your boy classmates . cr.alyssa v.Azrael , skylar v.Yushi April v . Ugh "
neutral	So @USER how many different ppl on the FB sendin these Tom Brady memes and are you faking a reaction like its the 1st time u saw it ?
neutral	Also why do you tweet calling out to Rahul Gandhi as your first word always . It 's not his fault he got born retard HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER Toxic deserve 16th place and a season of turmoil in the boardroom plus Kane 's struggles on the pitch #happydays
positive	" David Price will take the mound Friday night , his first road start as a Blue Jay . Yes , life is very good in Toronto . #BlueJays . "
positive	" @USER Good evening Briana , I wish you a good Tuesday and an excellent Christmas Eve :-) "
neutral	" What did Donald Trump , Ted Cruz , John Kasich , Joe Biden and Marco Rubio share this Sunday ? A little time in our trip around the " " Inside "
neutral	At the end of night only John Kasich was on top with Trump . These two may not yet be owned by #KochBrothers . Wonder ? HTTPURL
positive	Carly Fiorina moved up to 3rd place in the poll . She moved up from 16th so a huge jump . She 's a fan of the Dream Act & TARP .
negative	Murray always struggles on Louis Armstrong . How pivotal was that person disrupting his serve causing him to lose his mini break in the 1st ?
positive	Monday night YOGA ! Well you all brought some sunshine to the studio for my first day back teaching . Ashtanga ... HTTPURL
positive	" WELCOME BACK , DAVID WRIGHT ! Captain American homers in his 1st at-bat back with the @USER . #WhipAround "
negative	The complete stupidity of the WWE constantly kissing up to Rousey when she has no say in if she can do Mania HTTPURL #RAW
positive	@USER it has a scene where Ice Cube sits at a lap top and says .. this his funny .. and his wife says You finished ? Friday is dope .
positive	@USER Yeah we went to a Kpop concert last friday and it was soo awesome ! ! Ohh haha for 3 months xD
negative	A reminder from April as to why the majority of illegal migrants are followers of the barbaric cult of Islam ... HTTPURL
positive	" @USER Curtis , we be happy to assist with any concerns you may have . Simply post details at HTTPURL . "
neutral	Bush campaign may have Trump by the nuts - they have a new TV spot showing Trump saying Hillary best qualified to negotiate Iran deals
positive	" The coolest guy in the room ... Frank Gifford ... Monday night football will always be Howard Cosell , Don Meredith and Frank #RIP16 "
neutral	" Christ , the last thing I want to be looking at on a Monday afternoon is Sam Smith 's ring . "
neutral	@USER @USER Scott Walker 's having a meet'n'greet 2 blocks from me Wed morning . SO tempted to go & soak up the absurdity .
neutral	@USER @USER is this why we hear that BO may be trading prisoners with Iran ? Should we give them the 14 or so we have for them ?
neutral	" Anderson survives a test , and now has 2 sets up on Murray . Can the Brit pull off a 2nd 0-2 set comeback ? "
neutral	David Wright should play tonight and tomorrow with St . Lucie . Wright will be off on Sunday . He will rejoin the Mets on Monday .
positive	Happy #40th birthday to one of the most dependable human beings I know . May your light never go dim my Big Brother and friend @USER !
positive	" @USER @USER @USER Kendrick had the best album , Coles was 2nd "
positive	" Outfit : Pink for Eid - Salaam , Lovelies . Eid Mubarak .. and may you all have a blessed Eid ! Since the last day of R ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER That tweet is from the Charlie Hebdo attack in January , not this one . "
neutral	Gucci host psychic apparatus fair prospect february coin the duet thy express next to congeries versus with ex ...
negative	Honestly only bad thing I can say about the Kendrick album were the roll out of singles and what ones were picked 1st
negative	@USER this was on PS4 so it may be different on xbone . I can't even play lol HTTPURL
neutral	" Bruce Dickinson on top form with Book of Souls , not enjoyed an Iron Maiden album on 1st listen this much since A Matter of Life and Death . "
neutral	Pretty sure Grammys are going to play it safe Monday and go with the no brainier picks Big Sean Drake J Cole Dr Dre Kendrick Lamar
negative	Tom Brady 's suspension got tossed & all the fans from our 1st 4 games tucked the shit-talking in for a nice nap
positive	Anything keeping me going is the Zac Brown Band concert in November
neutral	Louis and Briana being at a baby store is just a rumor he was there to buy clothes for HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	@USER drop a song with Kendrick for Christmas and then just give us the album in Feb
positive	I 'll just watch the 2nd last eps . of Naruto before I watch this new one
neutral	" @USER imagine going to the store and seeing a Gucci bag for $ 500 and the same bag at the next store for $ 1500 , the 2nd bag is ct "
neutral	To be continued in : Rise of the John Cena stans coming to theatres near you October 3rd 2015 HTTPURL
positive	my last rt is what I 'm being to philly tomorrow for Niall ! you should go check it out and rt (: ~ j
neutral	This what may have done Scott Walker in - playing up to the big donor Koch Bros . HTTPURL
negative	No . The Sox sucked in May . But I wish the Red Sox had played like this in April-June . HTTPURL
positive	Definitely rooting for Paul Dunne to take home the British Open tomorrow
neutral	" LA on Monday - Bernie taking the same stage as Metallica , Bruce Springsteen , Rolling Stones , U2 , The Who , Pink Floyd , Van Halen #Bernie2016 "
negative	Sam Smith may be the worst act on the radio
neutral	" MILAN , Aug 27 ( Reuters ) - Fiat Chrysler chief Sergio Marchionne is preparing to take over as chief executive at Ferrari ahead of the "
negative	Oh actually this will be Thor 's 10th skin . Still do n't like it and the hair bothers me .
neutral	" Red-hot comedian Amy Schumer will bring her first solo arena tour to the BB & T Center , #Miami on Dec 12 . Do not ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Someone has to buy me tickets to go see Justin bieber for my 25th . You just have to
neutral	@USER Chris Evans may just as well have a wank and be done with it .
neutral	First tweet from Moto G 3rd Gen . Really wish it had a FHD display .
neutral	John Kasich is now the 16th major Republican running for president #SocialMedia via HTTPURL
neutral	" Bad Blood is Taylor 's 4th Hot 100 No . 1 after " " We Are Never Getting Back Together " " " " Shake it Off " " and " " Blank Space " " HTTPURL "
neutral	Catch me watching the new Naruto in class tomorrow
positive	@USER Two tickets to see Foo Fighters at Bowl tonight ( Sunday ) . Face value . Leighton Buzzard or Milton Keynes area . Any interest ?
neutral	" @USER @USER seen a photos of them and the caption said " " Kendrick and Sherane in the 9th grade " " and they were on some bed "
neutral	May this independence day win us from Yakub mercy petitioners and media terrorist . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER It would be better than Thor on the 3rd line lmao
neutral	Have you ever noticed that the Gay Activists never go after Muslims ... ? HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER I 'm getting the same . I heard that " " Thor " " may have gone to #Canberra . Not sure about the others . "
negative	Fallout from the #SupremeCourt 's activist decision on gay marriage continues . But this I did n't see coming HTTPURL
positive	A treat for #BondGeek 's booking today as tomorrow we 'll hear more on the title song now anticipated to be sung by Sam Smith ? #SPECTRE
positive	" The Tigers ended last season with Max Scherzer , Justin Verlander and David Price in rotation . They will start Randy Wolf on Sunday . Wow . "
neutral	PMB approves amnesty for Boko Haram ? May it turn out to be rumour !
positive	David Price is gonna be hellafun every 5th day .
neutral	" ' Islam and Democracy in Indonesia ' , 15 September 12:30- 13:30 , with Michael Buehler speaking @USER @USER HTTPURL "
negative	Well now all the pre-teen aged girls who were thinking of paying money to go watch Thor or Kong at the movies are going to have 2nd thoughts
neutral	" @USER Same reason Obama was absent from the solidarity march after Charlie Hebdo , & the moment of silence , for the Paris Attack . "
neutral	If someone has connections at the * * * * * * hotel Saturday can you please get me and two friends in to see Shawn :(
positive	Josh Hamilton ' gonna hit a dramatic homer to clinch the second wild card over the Angels HTTPURL
negative	" If GMB goes after Boko Haram with the same passion he went after Dasuki , the 50 + victims of the Yobe bomb blast on Friday will still be alive "
neutral	" Thor throws at Royals heads , Cepedes hurts self , Salvy 1st person to call for the trainer . Difference between class and classless . #beroyal "
neutral	Who 's in Milan in February ? You wo n't want to miss this ! #Milano2016 HTTPURL
negative	" This lady on Sunday Morning Live is an absolute idiot . Negotiating with Daesh is n't possible , nothing like the IRA "
positive	So can I skip school tomorrow and go to the city to see Shawn the Jacks & Justin
positive	Going to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow with @USER and I 'm super excited (:
positive	Watching Naruto shippuden at work cause it 's Friday and I do n't care .
positive	We all know a fangirl who 's going to see Paper Towns tomorrow ! HTTPURL
positive	@USER I 've been watching Naruto most of my life.This is the last movie.Of course I 'll wait that long besides Oct 10 is Naruto 's B-day .
positive	I am in a van with a group of cheerleaders singing / screaming an Ed Sheeran song . How 's your Friday night going ?
neutral	Paul Dunne tied for 16th at the US amateurs : Ireland 's Paul Dunne improved by two strokes to sign for a one-un ... HTTPURL
positive	Back to our normal schedule tomorrow ! Get the kids to school and get yourself to YOGA ! ! ! 9:15 - Vinyasa ... HTTPURL
neutral	Starting Monday working full time and going to school full time Ian going to get no sleep ( Janet Jackson voice )
neutral	I hope Hulk Hogan is the 3rd member
neutral	3rd day of Eid is now going to End ... How was your Eid Friends ? ? Did You Miss Mubii ...
positive	" @USER @USER @USER @USER September sounds good ... 9/26 is kris Bryant bobblehead day , could be a good one ! "
positive	Chris Evans as Captain America stands tall against the Age of Ultron ! In theaters May 1 . HTTPURL
negative	" Christians ARE being persecuted , Muslims MAY be persecuted . So i want Christians ! @USER @USER @USER #auspol "
positive	The intruders are coming . #TheBachelorAu is turning into Big Brother . Bring on the Friday Night Games . #BachelorAu
positive	@USER @USER @USER #TheTideOnTheHits i can't wait to see them live in April with The Vamps and hear their music ! ! !
neutral	" Confirmed : Sam Smith is Doing the James Bond " " Spectre " " Theme Song ( And We 'll Hear it Tuesday Morning ): HTTPURL "
positive	" Live Tweeting Thursday takes you to Nirvana 's " " Incesticide " " comp . album ! #Nirvana #Incesticide #LiveTweetingThursday "
neutral	" Tony Blair 's Labour may have seemed ' moderate ' and but according to his former speechwriter , it was ' more revolutionary than anything "
negative	If I 'm Dustin Johnson I would n't care about my Sunday meltdowns going home to Paulina . #sheesh
neutral	Only can it be known tomorrow if DDG 's transfer to Real Madrid went through ... Get some rest . More drama to come .
neutral	Conference Call with Special Guest Scott Walker this Saturday ! ! - HTTPURL
neutral	Meatless Monday is promoted by Paul McCartney for ppl to give up meat one day a week . HTTPURL
positive	" Walk into work , see " " John Cena " " graffitied on the ground .. Nice . #Tuesday "
positive	The Twins are practically giving away tickets for the game on September 1st vs the White Sox . $ 6 for skyline view seats !
positive	@USER Hi ! My bias is KAI bc he stole my heart the 1st tym I saw him in Growl . He is my 1st love in KPOP & it 's not changing til now
positive	" John Kasich is going to be the media darling tomorrow with his gay marriage / Supreme Court comment . Well done , sir . #GOPDebate "
neutral	" After Amit Shah , Rahul Gandhi will open congress campaign for 2016 Assam election tomorrow.He is on a two days visit to the state .. "
neutral	Someome should take me to the movies tomorrow or Wednesday to see Paper Towns .
positive	@USER Since there is a WWE Games group now on PS4 its a definite on PS4 . May not even get it on x1 anymore now tbh .
positive	I liked a @USER video HTTPURL Friday Night Smackdown - Mark Henry clashes with Randy Orton on the Cutting Edge
positive	Not An Apology and Calibraska both come out on the 24th . I 'm so excited @USER @USER @USER
neutral	Saudi Arabia Announces Muslim Anti-terror Alliance of Islamic Nations : Saudi Arabia announced Tuesday the form ... HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER the IRA were founded by the united Ulster Men = you read The Sun cause you no FA about reality
negative	So hype to give a presentation in management class tomorrow about why Tom Brady can go fuck himself
neutral	@USER it 's coming the 17th and I want to go Shawn is being a brat
neutral	if you do n't like Sam Smith you may actually be satan himself
positive	Literally just sat in my car and listened to Justin bieber for 34 minutes It was the best 34 minutes of my day
neutral	Hittin up brothers tomorrow night prob make me feel gucci
positive	Let the chips fall where they may - Ice Cube
positive	" Talking books with my 5th grade niece at our family Christmas She 's a dystopian fantasy , Twilight girl . Must have learned from @USER "
neutral	Buying a scuba suit for the underwater scenes in Sharknado tomorrow
neutral	" do n't want to leave during the middle of the Murray match , but I do n't want to be dead for my 8: 30 tomorrow #decisions "
positive	My youtube review of the new Hulk Hogan DVD has 30 views already and people commenting I may have a collector 's item on my hands :)
positive	" Top Gear will return to the BBC on Sunday 8 May 2016 , its new presenter Chris Evans has said HTTPURL "
neutral	" You can not always get what u want . I believe LVG wanted Bale , Ramos and maybe Kane . Lets wait till January HTTPURL "
negative	I sat through the whole of Sharknado 2 I 'm pretty sure NS is nothing compared to that shit .
negative	may Allah curse these Muslims drag queen in the same way . That Allah punished the people of Lut Ameen
positive	@USER ' s Ant-Man is in cinemas this weekend and we have goodies to giveaway . See @USER tomorrow ( August 1 ) for all the deets
positive	The Giff was the main reason I once loved Monday night football . RIP USC and NFL legend Frank Gifford .
positive	Omg Briana is amazing she is my new remodel ! ! ! #SPNFamiIly #pascon #Saturday HTTPURL
neutral	" After coughing up early lead , #MNTwins rally for 8-6 win and take the 1st game of series vs . the White Sox . Circling the bases from tonight "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER justin bieber may have had the better album but talent wise his got nothing on Chris .
positive	Ryan Braun owns right field . 23rd home run of the year . #Brewers
negative	" #MTVSTARS Lady Gaga I may not walk on your street or shoot a gun on your soil I hear you screaming , is it because of pleasure or toil ? "
neutral	George Osborne recently parked his tanks on Labour 's lawn . Now he 's turned off the engines : HTTPURL
neutral	more like * watches Kris Bryant come in and make an error in the 8th and it be the deciding run * HTTPURL
positive	" No matter what happens tomorrow , the important thing is whether or not Frank Ocean puts out another album "
positive	" @USER Thank you , Ian , for making " " Sharknado " " our family 's new guilty pleasure ! ! ! Ca n't wait for the 4th ! #AprilLives "
negative	Saudi Arabia has announced it will raise petrol prices by over 40 % from Tuesday as the country decided to cut the subsidies range .
positive	" No . It 's okay . You can go attend Miss USA ! Trust me , you should DEFINITELY attend Miss USA . HTTPURL "
positive	@USER @USER I give Rousey a lot of credit .. she want the first but she convinced so may that women can sell events
neutral	Dustin Johnson lines up a putt on the 18th green #PGAChampionship @USER HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	My pals are off to the lake to hear the Foo Fighters and I 'm just sat out my room listening from the distance . Bailed again .
negative	" @USER Malice . FYI Tony Blair may be loved in USA but he is pretty much despised by many if not most , here in England . "
positive	@USER Ca n't wait to see David Wright in the lineup tomorrow ! Really missed him ! #YaGottaBelieve #LGM
neutral	Scott Walker looks indecisive towards his stance on the 14th Amendment . HTTPURL #ucretst1
neutral	@USER Tomorrow the price will be right for David Price will not be on the slate ...
neutral	Paul Dunne is suddenly British ! @USER @USER If he loses tomorrow he 'll probably be Irish again no doubt . #TheOpen2015
positive	" My Sunday blog is Beautiful Day . HTTPURL Not only will you enjoy U2 , but please take the time ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Sore left knee keeping Hamilton out : Rangers outfielder Josh Hamilton was not in the lineup in Tuesday 's 3-2 l ... HTTPURL
neutral	" On Eid ul Fitr 2nd day we have visited Kot di jo kilo , Khairpur and sukkur Group members : Faraz , Nouman , Fayaz , Umar and Me "
neutral	#nowplaying Steven Wilson - No Twilight Within the Courts of the Sun
positive	Honestly who is trying to go to Kanye West ' 808 ' s and Heartbreak ' at the Hollywood bowl Sept 26 ? ? ? Looking for accompaniment .
neutral	House full both today and tomorrow for Bajrangi Bhaijaan and Bin Roye . But I thought the Eid craze would be settled down by now ! !
neutral	Get a little buzz with Detox to Retox Yoga at Triangle Char And Bar on Dorchester Rd 10am Saturday ! ! ! $ 10 ... HTTPURL
negative	" My wife said , after seeing this : " " I think my 15 year love affair with Tom Brady may be coming to an end " " HTTPURL "
positive	Dave Grohl I may not be in the cities with you singing word for word to Foo Fighters songs right now but I 'm there with you in spirit .
neutral	I want to see a live performance of Nirvana playing Jesus does n't want me for a sun beam where Chris Noveselic does an accordion solo
neutral	Wish I could be at the Zac Brown Band concert tonight but my boss would n't give me the day off tomorrow ! Labor day means work day at Walmart
neutral	thanks to the radio at work I 'm all depressed now with it playing JASON ALDEAN then house of the rising sun . Fighting with your BFF sucks
neutral	Whatever Wednesday 's at #Machine is very ... Whatever so far - with a group of Red Sox game tourists it seems .
neutral	Watch Kim Kardashian Support Kanye West While He Auditions for ' American Idol ' : Kanye West may be one of the m ... HTTPURL
negative	" #Israel #US Dentist may lose Navy job in Saratoga due to Israel ties : Asked about the case , t ... HTTPURL #World #Politics "
positive	" @USER oh thanks I appreciate it , they say the PS3 & PS4 will have the night map on 8 September "
positive	" Congrats to PRX for capping the 1st settlement on Harvest ! EU settlements went to FUtilez , Kittens , Dark Souls and Frozen . #dastal "
positive	RDJ & Chris Evans will be on Kimmel tonight ! ABC is a Disney owned company & they love to drop trailers on a Tuesday ! #Marvel #CivilWar
neutral	" 22 July 2015 Paul McCartney was in the audience during the U2 concert Madison Square Garden , New York * John "
neutral	The White Sox may sweep the Royals and I 'm confused
neutral	" Sam Smith on Bond rumors in July : " " Definitely not " " and " " I have no idea what 's going on . " " Today : HTTPURL "
neutral	Fans were in for quite the surprise at the FYF Festival in LA on Saturday . After Frank Ocean c ... HTTPURL #HollywoodDivas
neutral	Louis Tomlinson may be expecting a baby with Briana - but he 's got a NEW girlfriend : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Why do people have a problem with the Christ in Christmas but not the Thor in Thursday ?
neutral	" Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh , meets Chelsea striker , Victor Moses : Oliseh confirmed the meeting via his T ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER ~ " " Yes he is , tomorrow i will take him to my mother , she did n't see him yet , then we can invit Jane and Thor for dinner too " " "
neutral	The Sharknado is ready for the playoffs . Are you ? We 're hosting Game 2 on Thursday - $ 1 beers and $ 2 Moe 's tacos ! #FinsUp
neutral	" so who 's going to Jason Aldean tomorrow , raise ur hands "
positive	Listening to the Foo Fighters live while watching intervention . What a perfect little Saturday .
neutral	it 's now july 50 . refusing to acknowledge august until frank ocean releases that album .
positive	Sharknado 's on ! ! ! Then the 2nd one ! Then #ohhellno # 3 at 9 . Shoulda left work early .
neutral	@USER hey ! Do you know info about the Shawn event to Saturday ? Like I know to be there by 11 but what time would it end & where is it
positive	@USER I hope so ! I might see Paper Towns today and I 'm going to theme park tomorrow I 'm trying my best !
negative	" When I 'm soaring on Sunday afternoon , I learn Frank Gifford--one of my faves on the field and inside the broadcast booth--has died . "
neutral	@USER One of the 12 has to go to Milan for work so may end up being auto drafted unless he can get set up on hotel wifi !
neutral	" Mason 's 1st , ball going away from goal and Mason has to use his left . Kane 's 2nd chance had to pick through 3/4 bodies . Toby 's header ... "
neutral	David Wright played the full nine innings at 3B for St . Lucie today . He went 3 - for - 4 with a run scored . He is expected to return Monday .
negative	" Guys , that Sky Vine flying around Twitter of the Eiffel Tower going dark is from JANUARY after Charlie Hebdo . Different horrendous tragedy . "
neutral	" he may be a little full of himself at times , but Kanye West is an inspiration "
negative	Oh goodie : that game no one liked about the blind girl hits PS4 tomorrow .
neutral	" Taylor Swift Has Chosen Her Next Single : You may still be dancing along to " " Bad Blood " " with Taylor Swift and K ... HTTPURL "
neutral	More like Taylor wants to stay the hell away from Miley bc she saw how Nicki dragged her Sunday . HTTPURL
neutral	How Deep Is Your Love now playing by Bee Gees of course from the 1977 Saturday Night Fever film and album ... HTTPURL
neutral	French club Monaco confirmed on Wednesday that a loan deal has been reached with Real Madrid for P ... HTTPURL
positive	If you have n't heard black Friday by jcole and Kendrick . Please allow your ears to have orgasms .
positive	" Ice Cube " " Bye Felicia " " on #StraightOuttaCompton was waayy funnier then when he said it on Friday "
positive	" No classes on Friday . And I would like to watch " " Paper Towns " " with my friends ~ @USER "
neutral	" Obama : " " Get off your high horse Christians " " C'mon Mr . President , tell us how you really feel HTTPURL "
positive	" I feel like so much happened on the VMAs . Kanye , Taylor , Nicki and Miley , Miley released new music .. The news is gonna be CRAY tomorrow . "
neutral	" Kim Kardashian emoji crash Apple store HTTPURL via @USER Dear Santa , for Xmas please may I have a ticket off the planet . "
positive	Naked Hanukkah Celebration with Amy Schumer and YOU ! will air on IWS Radio this Sunday at 12 Noon ET ! ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER 5 . I initially grew interest in Dark Souls because I found out Golden Sun shared the same composer . : V
neutral	PSA : there 's a quiz in aphug tomorrow in Mr . Kane 's class ! ! ( On the syllabus ? ? ? )
positive	@USER So @USER just told us that he watched Sharknado 3 on Friday and that they are making a FOURTH one ! \ o / =) )
neutral	" Unseen footage of the insane brawl between The Undertaker and Brock Lesnar : HTTPURL Exclusive , July 25 , "
positive	" Hey John , i 'm the guy from RSA and i just wanna wish you a great match with Seth Rollins on Sunday at SummerSlam and i hope you 'll beat him "
neutral	@USER @USER you do n't know Chris Evans ? Bruhh c'mon
neutral	Anderson stopped at the donation station . Murray on way back from 2 sets down ! ! C'mon Andy !
positive	Bri and I are going to see Paper Towns tomorrow and my body is ready
neutral	#Netanyahu Obama to deliver his last State of the Union on Jan 12 : Obama sees the Iran nuclear ac ... HTTPURL #Israel #UHF
positive	" @USER kindly Retweet my last tweet about Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh . Thanks . "
neutral	Never knew Ice Cube wrote Friday . Always thought he just acted in it .
negative	Is history just something which Tony Blair invents as he sees fit ? Amazing . HTTPURL
neutral	" Tony Blair 's hasty folly in Iraq - you have to admire the chutzpah , coming from the war 's biggest cheerleader HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER @USER I have nothing to sat GOOD about a KOCH or SCOTT WALKER , Their interest in cancer is NOT benevolent ! BUT CAUSES big C "
neutral	CNN Revises Debate Criteria In Possible Boost To Carly Fiorina : CNN announced on Tuesday that it would ... HTTPURL #media
positive	" My column on why Tom Brady speaking Sunday did wonders for everyone , including himself . Onto the Steelers - WEEI | ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Ant-Man ends this Thursday . See it before it goes . Plays daily at 1:15 , 3:50 , 6:40 & 9:40 PM HTTPURL "
positive	Just seen this picture from Saturday at Foo Fighters . Minions ALWAYS make me think of @USER HTTPURL
neutral	@USER i feel like Nicki may have been joking but miley may not have known . Nicki is so vocal on twitter i feel like she
positive	" . @USER interesting metatextual touch with Ice Cube 's son delivering the " " Bye Felicia " " line from Friday to the girl at the party in SOC . "
neutral	The Foo Fighters convinced me I should mop my entire house . Taking bets on whether or not my back & hip will agree with them tomorrow ...
neutral	Floyd Mayweather confirmed September 12 will be his last fight and he 's happy to go out 48-0 HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	News channels should stop telecasting the Yakub 's news . It may lead 2 communal disturbance . Rather they can cover Abdul Kalam 's last journey
positive	@USER Managed to get my hands on the PS4 version on Saturday . It exceeds the hype if that 's even possible
neutral	" @USER " " I 'm sorry ... that guy I think has just gotten to me is all .. " " She sat smiling towards naruto " " but please do not worry .. " " "
positive	Paul McCartney 's 70th birthday is tomorrow . We MUST get it to trend ! :)
neutral	Why anti-terrorist coalition in Saudi Arabia may not be quite what it seems HTTPURL
negative	Super Eagles Coach Sunday Oliseh has revealed Chelsea midfielder John Mikel snubbed his calls in London while he attempted to speak with him
neutral	" I want Ice Cube to STOP making all these other movies and give us that " " Last Friday " " "
neutral	i 'm going to be so inactive tomorrow so if niall has a follow spree pls spam for me
positive	" Personally I would have loved to see Rousey vs Tate III , but Dana just announced ... Rousey vs Holly Holm on January 2nd for #UFC195 "
neutral	@USER you 're gonna be watching this game not going to Niall 's party ok HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER If it were n't for Blair there would have been no Good Friday Agreement , and the IRA would have won ! "
negative	" Its the 8th day of august , still have n't received the Frank Ocean album . "
negative	" @USER @USER Egg-head ! Do n't sit on Twilight 's head , you may have to go to the hospital after that . "
neutral	Had kid at Sunday school ask me : Did you know Paul McCartney was in another band before Wings ? < Feeling OLD > #NostalgiaChat
positive	#KimDavis Carly Fiorina promises to bring the memory of her to Kims Jailhouse tomorrow .
positive	" Why it 's great to go see Ant-Man in IMAX ( or any movie , really ) , at the Tuesday late night showing . HTTPURL "
neutral	" 7 years ago today , Josh Hamilton , who at one point hits 13 consecutive , hits 28 HR in the 1st round of the #HRDerby . HTTPURL "
positive	' Wrong one ' is probably my favourite in Calibraska because Dublin is mentioned in it ? ? #CalibraskaEP I can't wait to see them in November !
neutral	@USER Hello . This is Patti on behalf of Ira . May I know how long have you been experiencing this issue ?
positive	Double up on dogs - July is National Hot Dog Month & today is National Hot Dog Day ! How do you top off your dog ? HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Travone Who do you think will win this sunday UNDERTAKER or BROCK LESNAR
neutral	" It 's Sunday , guess I should be prepared for Christians tweets the whole day . "
neutral	" Customers eager to read ' Go Set a Watchman , ' buy it at midnight - York Daily Record / Sunday News HTTPURL "
positive	#ThankGod he 's back ! The 2nd one starring Ice Cube sucked big time : HTTPURL
positive	My Twitter feed just blew up with the fact Paper Towns is out tomorrow
positive	" @USER boy do n't be talking yo shit on Kendrick , everyone know that album is the best album of the year , Fetty Wap is 2nd . "
positive	This may be the best thing ever ... Play the Iron Maiden Video Game from Speed of Light Video . HTTPURL @USER This ROCKS !
positive	@USER @USER I 'm a Cubs fan 1st and a Red Sox fan 2nd . I also give the Atl . Braves love . I really enjoy not liking the Yankees .
neutral	" Monday Hatha Yoga 9.30 Chris dropped in to give a bit of Yang balance to the Yin in the room from Helen , Gabi , ... HTTPURL "
negative	More than 3 years since @USER called for the International Criminal Court to try Tony Blair for war crimes HTTPURL
neutral	Buses to replace train services on Sunday as fans flock to the National Bowl to see Foo Fighters | oneMK HTTPURL
neutral	You think we have cap issues now ; wait until the Oilers trade for Voynov and Kane . HTTPURL
neutral	Sunday Oliseh Arrives Nigeria To Resume Eagles Job-Former Super Eagles captain Sunday Oliseh arriived the Nnamdi A HTTPURL
neutral	" We leave runners stranded at the corners , but come up with 4 in the 8th . White Sox head to the 9th trailing 7-6 . "
negative	@USER @USER @USER cuz I think Sean pains goofy ass did this . Gucci hates that nigga . This the 2nd time also
neutral	" I do n't see Islam on the march or people country shopping , I see desperate people wanting to build a new life . #refugeecrisis "
neutral	" ESPN announces " " We 're going to be here for awhile tonight " " - - Murray looks to run away with the 3rd set . up 3-1 , with the serve . "
neutral	" Quiet Saturday afternoon drinking IPAs & watching " " Sharknado " " have n't seen it until today , whoever wrote it must have done some serious IPAs "
neutral	Brandon Crawford brings home Ryan Braun after he tripled to lead off the 9th . NL still trails 6-3
positive	Frank Gifford and Al Michaels are the voices I hear when I think about Monday night football @USER
neutral	@USER + hurt just faded away in that moment he sat in the dark with Thor .
neutral	" Today , September 1 , is the World Day of Prayer for the Care of Creation . The diversity of Christians praying for ... HTTPURL "
positive	I think some spurs may just be 0 betraying the abilities of Charlie Austin . We need a different option upfront . Too much like Kane #THFC
neutral	" Upcoming @USER exhibition will tell the story of Christianity , Islam & Judaism in #Egypt after the pharaohs HTTPURL "
positive	" #SummerSlam Brock Lesnar against the Dead Man , C'mon Undertaker , #Unbelieveable #Electrifying "
positive	" In other news , had a great Saturday on the town with @USER and my old uni friend at a David Bowie tribute orchestra :P "
negative	" As a huge John Cena fan , him beating Seth Rollins to win his 16th World Heavyweight Championship is just wrong . @USER , reconsider . "
neutral	Caitlyn Jenner & Kris Jenner pose together in 1st joint selfie . See the picture --> HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	#SPORTS Blue Jays-Yankees Preview - David Price 's first road start for the Toronto Blue Jays may prove exactly why ... HTTPURL
negative	@USER randy orton may be boring but you are a bitch
negative	George Osborne is a threat to the poorest in our society : HTTPURL
positive	Feast your eyes on the NEW International TRAILER for #Carol starring Cate Blanchett & Rooney Mara . In cinemas Jan 14 HTTPURL
positive	" Only one listen so far , but thought the 1st new Iron Maiden disc was excellent , while the jury is still out on the 2nd . "
positive	" Ate dinner on the couch in sweatpants & under a blanket while listening to sam smith pandora , & now I 'm reading the newspaper . Its Saturday . "
neutral	Floyd Mayweather got Ali as the 4th best fighter of all time on his list ... Lmfao Dude is a fuckin joke .
negative	Scott Walker has decided that maybe gutting the 14th Amendment is a bad idea . I 'm already over this election cycle .
neutral	" Can you recommend anyone for this #job ? Prince George Career Open House : August 26th at 6 PM - HTTPURL #PrinceGeorge , BC "
neutral	Randy Orton Appears After Monday 's RAW Goes Off the Air HTTPURL #News #WWE HTTPURL
positive	Happy Birthday to My BIG Brother @USER . Ca n't wait to spend some time with you tomorrow !
positive	Kane with a brilliant finish tonight as England win 2-0 . let 's hope he takes his performance into the game on Sunday HTTPURL
neutral	I 'm so sorry to hear of the loss Frank Gifford . Losing you best friend is so hard and sad . May The Lord hold you in His hands .
neutral	" Bad Blood is a v catchy song but the lyrics are such a " " omg he sat next to my bff at lunch instead of me " " anthem . "
neutral	Photo : we-are-lucifers : Hi .. NOTICE ! ! 4th of Seprember will be realesed the new album band IRON MAIDEN ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER when Niall and I date I 'll take them three out for dinner on the 14th and I 'll just take them out once instead of three times
neutral	" @USER I paused , admittedly , because " " satnav " " made me think of a yoga mantra ( sat nam ) , but then I got it . Context clues ! "
positive	I just want to spend my last free Saturday with you . And go fishing with my big brother
positive	5 reasons 1st place Mets should be thrilled David Wright is back : How can you not be ? HTTPURL
positive	David Wright def got his groove back on defense after a rough 1st couple games right after he returned . The Captain 's looking great ! #Mets
neutral	" On this day in August 29 , 2011 ~ #RAW : Randy Orton vs . Dolph Ziggler HTTPURL "
neutral	John Kasich looks like sure bet to make Cleveland prime-time debate ; 8th in new poll HTTPURL
neutral	" Well , we got to milan in one piece . First item on the shopping list tomorrow , Italian phrase book ! Although it ... HTTPURL "
positive	It 's Prince George 's 2nd birthday ! With the following hashtag you can congratulate the little Prince . We wish His ... HTTPURL
negative	@USER I 'm supposed to be fling out to Sharm on Tuesday . I 'm fed up of this . I went to Paris a few days after the Charlie Hebdo attack
positive	@USER They are great are n't they - I have one from the Ant-Man wave coming tomorrow as I want to build the Ultron figure .
positive	" @USER @USER So honestly , even if the PC version is great , it sounds like PS4 is terrific as well . May just come to preference . "
positive	@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER just hearing Kane scored for England off to Spain tomorrow it 's great to be alive #dubs
positive	Israel - Ramel Bradley ( ex Yesilgiresun ) may agree terms with Hapoel Holon HTTPURL
neutral	" . @USER " " Calibraska " " official tracklisting the EP will be available July 24th HTTPURL "
negative	@USER keep uribe in . Wright cant throw from 1st to 3rd on the fly . David wright sucks the life out of this team . He 's an AVERAGE player .
neutral	@USER Bless you Aphrodite Happy Eid and May Allah accept and multiply all what you do for your society and all its members .
neutral	" @USER Westside ( Ice Cube voice ) listen to Shirley 's strawberry letter on 102.3 , then 93.5 for West Coast Wednesday all day , ON WEED ! "
neutral	" Zayn 's " " how it goes but I know " " in the 2nd BSE chorus is pure sex . "
neutral	I wonder who 'll play Nicki in the 2nd video for Bad Blood ?
neutral	Sunday night Twitter : Jake Arrietta just tossed a no-hitter in Hollywood against Kanye West . #bro #NoHitter #VMAs
positive	" a month ago I saw 1D , today I see Ed Sheeran , in one month I see twenty one pilots . the 8th is such a good day "
positive	Unpopular opinion but I do n't get the hate for U2 or NickelBack ? They may not be the greatest ever but I like both .
positive	Paul dunne holding his own . Exciting day of golf planned for tomorrow #TheOpen2015
negative	Who knew there were enough people in the world easily pleased by shite like Sharknado that they 're getting a 4th instalment ? !
positive	" Brock Lesnar confronts The Undertaker : Raw , July 20 , 2015 HTTPURL via @USER This is what we call the WWE B | HELL YEAH ! "
positive	" I 'm not 100 % sure but if everything goes like it always does , something is gonna happen with zayn tomorrow , preferably zayn drops a single . "
neutral	Nicki Minaj Confronts Miley Cyrus Live on Stage at the VMA 's . Sunday night Nicki called Miley out in a way that ... HTTPURL
neutral	George Osborne likes to preach his twisted views in The Sun as he knows that vast majority reading it have no critical thinking capability
neutral	Does anyone know if Blackstar from David Bowie will be downloadable as a single or do we have to wait for the full album in Jan ?
neutral	Gucci trousers coconscious desire november extend the biform thine life advanced dispersion headed for no orga ...
positive	I have Zac Brown Band tickets for tomorrow night as well as Rascal Flatts for next Thursday on the beach in AC ... Hit me up if interested ! ! !
negative	my PS4 wo n't turn on . I may or may not have just lost everything on this piece of shit console .
neutral	" ` Traditionalist ` Caitlyn Jenner tepid about gay marriage : Washington D . C , Sept 5 : Caitlyn Jenner may be an in ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER Arabs are just Discontent in the Game so they came up with Islam to give 3rd opinion
neutral	We 've compared the new #MotoG ( 3rd gen ) to the Moto G ( 2nd gen ): here 's what 's new HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	" It may sound surprising to say " " American Jewish opposition to Israel " " ... but it is sadly accurate - @USER HTTPURL "
positive	Shawn comes to Vegas the 18th or 19th & I will go to the airport to meet him
neutral	The Sun : Two mega deals end in a farce . MUFC hit back at Real Madrid with their own statement . HTTPURL
positive	New video ! Playing a lovely @USER song ' Rolling Stone ' in the sun HTTPURL #passenger #acoustic
negative	" Whoever brought about the 7th grade pop edition of Ed Sheeran " " photograph " " .. #die "
neutral	" Just had a vision ( it was a couple minutes ago , but Rousey had priority ): Dean Ambrose turns heel on Reigns on Sunday . Match at Summerslam . "
positive	@USER Please add Carly Fiorina to the primary debate Sept 16th . Please start interviewing her on CNN she deserves more time on CNN
neutral	Gucci bags ego ideal profound secret february strip bare the duadic yours substance entrance access upon shark ...
positive	Michael Douglas may not be coming back for another Marvel film ... he did so good in Ant-Man though
positive	Caitlyn Jenner on Ellen : I 've got my 8th grandchild ready in the Oven . I automatically thought of The Visit . LOL
positive	hyped for J Cole and Kendrick in February you know I 'll be at that concert @USER @USER
neutral	Which means David Price may pitch vs the Tigers at home
negative	Can you say Israel 's bitch ? What a fucking clown Chuck Norris is . Not to mention zerohedge is pushing disinformation HTTPURL
negative	" Scott Walker Defends Ted Cruz After Boehner Jackass Comment . Really , #DUMASSWALKER is defending the only guy who may b more evil than him . "
neutral	" Kitchen is clean , laundry is in the washer , kids are in bed , school bags ready for tomorrow . Watching Big Brother then going to bed "
positive	" Frank Gifford was a class act . NYGiant star . A great announcer , the perfect balance for Cosell and Meredith on Monday Night Football . RIP "
positive	" One more day ... Tomorrow , July 23rd , is National Hot Dog Day ! ! $ 1 Hot Dogs All Day ! ! ! ( slaw & cheese extra ) Come and get ' em ! "
positive	Frank Gifford did 25 seasons on Monday Night Football . Thanks for the memories when I was young . RIP
positive	@USER You played a Janet Jackson joint around 2am on Thursday NIght / Friday morning . No verses . Almost just an instrumental loop .
positive	" Rainy weekend helps power surging UK box-office , as Disney scores double with Inside Out and Ant-Man at 1 and 2 : HTTPURL "
positive	" Smooth Breakfast easing you into a very mild Wednesday on the West Mids with Pixie Lott , Kelly Clarkson and Bee Gees in the next 10 mins "
positive	" @USER Pakistan may be an Islamic country , but der are a lot true Muslims in India who love their country and can sacrifice all for it "
neutral	" 1st it was my boss , then my cousin and now Chuck Norris has the " " taxi " " song stuck in his head :/ @USER @USER "
negative	" Many Sunday shows fail to mention Carly Fiorina 's surge in the primaries , particularly at the state level . #tcot #gop HTTPURL "
neutral	There 's this video that 's gone viral stating Saudi gave the wrong information regarding Eid Ul Fitr . Apparently Eid was on Saturday :/
negative	" It 's kinda awful when you can relate to that " " Bad Blood " " song . Bc it 's my life Monday thru Thursday . I did NOTHING ! And if I did tell me ! "
neutral	The Vamps music video tomorrow . Which I 'm I 'm ( OMG ) gonna be interesting to see how it turned out HTTPURL @USER
positive	Free Samples from Dunkin ' Donuts at the Ribbon Cutting Grand Opening in Dover Foxcroft this weekend ! HTTPURL
neutral	" My dads selling 4 tickets for the Jason Aldean , Tyler Farr and Cole Swidell concert September 19th . $ 100 a piece . Dm me if interested ! "
negative	@USER HER NUMBER of followers are about the same nrs the IRA slaughtered for 13 dead on Bloody sunday
neutral	" Harris , or three others by others , lost in love ; it became gradually her that brother 's Wednesday , and cried Justin Bieber , "
neutral	" Haha the top 5 most popular shirts on the NFL store are all Jarryd Hayne jerseys , Tom Brady is 6th "
positive	" @USER Idk , seems like there r plenty of Rousey fans & not just in the US . They may not be UFC fans but they 'll pay big $ $ $ 2 see her . "
positive	@USER because my old account got suspended and than May 5th came around and Zayn followed me . Now I have 4.2 K so thank you
neutral	Anybody wanna go to the Jason Aldean concert September 4th with me ?
negative	Caitlyn Jenner May Face Manslaughter Charge in Malibu Crash I read it on @USER #video : HTTPURL
positive	The title track off of the October 30th ' If I Can Dream ' release has been exclusively premiered by Rolling Stone ... HTTPURL
positive	Ice Cube may be the realest rapper alive
positive	LET'S GO BLUE JAYS ! Wheels have come off the Red Sox in the 10th . #ComeTogether
positive	Actress and comedian Amy Schumer shared an intimate portrait on Monday that it will not quickly be forgotten .
positive	Kanye West sent Taylor Swift flowers . That must be his 1st political move .. Taylor can really help him with her squad . :'D #KanTay2020
positive	Sharknado 3 tomorrow if your not excited you ain't living right
negative	I think Nig & Chad specifically need 2 coordinate info release about Boko Haram . Contradictions may hamper MNJTF operations @USER
positive	Who was the best ' Saturday Night Live ' host ? Amy Schumer . 50 % of voters agree with me . HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER I hear what your saying but if there was peace tomorrow the Muslims would still be killing the minority groups .
neutral	" J . B . Shuck in to pinch hit for Saladino in the 7th . White Sox have runners on 2nd and 3rd , 1 out . They 're down 4-3 . "
neutral	" just curious @USER how the Hulk Hogan story is " " new this morning . " " everyone else had it at 5pm on Friday . just sayin . "
positive	#enlightenedrepublican . Kudos to John Kasich showing respect to those with whom he may not agree .
neutral	" Is it fair ? Both print as well as TV Media reacts 2 Yakub 's coverage , it 's big picture as 2nd headline 4 Kalam 's HTTPURL "
neutral	" gets bitches interested " " - Dark Souls may well mark the end of my shit . I thought it was localised . It was that "
negative	" An octogenarian Motilal Vora with his droop and hunchback walking behind Rahul Gandhi may be a disgusting sight for some , but it pays . "
neutral	" @USER @USER I know , by then my u2 gigs will b over and Il b in post concert depression so the timing is great but I wish it was a sat "
neutral	Ok Frank Ocean may be like 10 days late but I got email updates along with my Tumblr notifications on fleek . BOYS DON'T CRY COME MY WAY
neutral	34 - state Islamic military bloc against terrorism announced : Riyadh : Saudi Arabia on Tuesday announced the form ... HTTPURL
negative	" Frank Ocean : " " Expect some music in July " " Everyone : Why the fuck you lying ... HTTPURL "
negative	Some are worried that aliens may invade earth ; looking at George Osborne and Tory front bench ; it looks like it has already happened !
neutral	someone should just name Niall the 5th member of 5sos already
neutral	" Ironically when Leon Balogun was called up to the Super Eagles by Keshi , he was a bench warmer for a 2nd div . team , today in the Bundesliga "
positive	" GET YOUR DOG ON ! ! ... This Thursday 7/23 is National Hot Dog Day , celebrate with us for only $ 7 - chile cheese ... HTTPURL "
positive	#NP Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar Is this the Kendrick you wanted @USER ? #SoundCloud HTTPURL
negative	Donald Trump and Scott Walker would Negros back to Africa ; they would try to change the 14th Amendment to the Constitution .
neutral	Had a dream that I saw Nirvana live and Kurt Cobain sat and split his cigarette with me afterward and told me about life . Woke up sad .
positive	Sunday is National Ice Cream Day ! We will have SUPERCold Science Shows at 2:00 & 4:00 pm with samples of Liquid ... HTTPURL
positive	I listen to Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday bout 50 times a day ... He literally went in the WHOLE time
neutral	It was a monday night when you told me it was over babe . - Sam Smith
positive	listening to Nirvana reminds me of how cool my string orchestra teacher is . she 's my 1st period & I 'm always pumped af to see her
neutral	streaming more Dark Souls ( 1st playthrough ) right now ! maybe I can make it out of blighttown ? HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER they ruled that the laws against gay marriage were unconstitutional and they were ... 14th Amendment , genius "
negative	" I may seem like I 'm only joking when I compare right-wing " " Christians " " with Jihadists , but they 're all dangerous idiot control freaks "
neutral	" @USER If I buy a Moto G ( 3rd Gen ) from Moto Maker , will the 4G work in New Zealand / Telecom networks ? ( 1 / ? ) "
positive	Selena Gomez presented Amy Schumer with an award and a heap of praise at the Hollywood Film Awards on November 1 .
positive	Very excited about this Tuesday night @USER free iced coffee and smoothies courtesy of Dunkin ' Donuts will be there set up .
neutral	@USER If you were on @USER I would have suggested a song ... It 's Raining Today by Scott Walker . Maybe Saturday ?
neutral	" @USER As I understand it , Scott Walker pleaded the 5th 85 or 90 times for medicare fraud.But , you know , he 's a republican , so its okay . "
neutral	@USER When you remember that Calibraska comes out tomorrow #CalibraskaEP HTTPURL
positive	As long as it 's not Chris Evans standing in ! ! ! HTTPURL
positive	Stars aligning for Fiorina ? : Carly Fiorina rolled into Iowa on Thursday with a new status : surging presidential contender . #news
neutral	" Watch the UFC 190 : Rousey vs . Correia Weigh-In Streaming Live , Friday at 5 PM ET HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	David Wright returns to the 1st place @USER tomorrow . Life is good .
neutral	" I hope you never experience those type of Christians . For me , in God I am strong enough , I can deal with it , may be you would n't be able to . "
neutral	Jan 13th = Ends #AHSHotel That means that Lady Gaga will be focused and start the new era with the new album .
neutral	Today is the 14th anniversary of George Harrison 's passing . Something in the way he still moves us . HTTPURL
positive	THIS should brighten the day AND make your weekend even better ! Free ice cream on Sunday for National Ice Cream Day ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Every Sunday the same man drinking a beer on a stoop asks me HEY , how was Pilates ? How do I tell him that it was yoga ? Yoga ! "
neutral	@USER @USER there are people who like / support Trump but do n't want to admit it .. may not be Rousey though
positive	STING returns to WWE MONDAY NIGHT RAW ! ! ! IT'S SHOWTIME ! ! ! Seth Rollins that 's a challenge for the WWE WORLD ... HTTPURL
positive	" But when Luffy does reach his max , I have no doubt that he 'll beat Naruto . ( Maybe even currently if we find out how strong gear 4th is ) "
positive	@USER @USER @USER calibraska is coming out tomorrow so excited get ready for it
negative	@USER Sad .. but not the 1st time & I 'm a sports fan & a kids for education bluff .. its all Scott Walker .. you cant feel but sad for Wi .
neutral	All I 've done today is eat Blue Bell ice cream and get emo over my Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow . And honestly I 'm okay with that .
neutral	The best ( and worst ) of the situation regarding #WWE firing Hulk Hogan on friday - HTTPURL - via @USER @USER
positive	So proud of everyone tonight . It 's not the end of the season it 's the beginning of a new one . Game next Saturday against Curtis 7 pm Mt . T
positive	Happy for Emem Eduok who joins up with the Super Eagles on Monday
neutral	Found out today that my sisters also have security concerns about that huge theater on Star Wars Day . May be time to scout a new spot .
negative	If Danny does n't play flag football Tomorrow he 's gay
neutral	Athletics bring the winning run to the plate ! David Price coming back for the 8th . I imagine Sanchez was only warming up to get work in .
neutral	" @USER sup bro , 1st of all you were my Fav wrestler from 2011-2014 if like to ask what do u think of Hulk Hogan being fired by WWE ? Cheers "
positive	" Kim Kardashian may be trashy , but she sure as hell is a very smart businesswoman . "
neutral	Porter judged the pace of his set perfectly . A short burst of Papa Was A Rolling Stone gave way to Musical Genocide HTTPURL
positive	Drake White And The Big Fire . Tonight and tomorrow at Citifield with Zac Brown Band . They go on at 7p . Do n't ... HTTPURL
neutral	" It was n't pretty but Kris Bryant throws to Rizzo @USER 1st to get Hunter Pence to end the 4th the score remains #Cubs 1 , Giants 1 "
neutral	" Have I shaken hands with the next Prime Minister ? If it 's Corbyn or Boris or Theresa May or Jeremy Hunt , yes . If it 's George Osborne , no . "
neutral	" [ Chicago Cubs Online ] Kris Bryant Starting in Right Field , Kyle Schwarber Behind the Plate for Cubs in Thursday HTTPURL #Cubs "
positive	" @USER Oh is he teaming up with Thor in the 3rd Thor movie ? Awesome , can't wait to see how that will work . All these movies are so good . "
neutral	" When I get a Moto G ( 3rd Gen ) I will drop a brick on my Samsung GNex , filmed from multiple angles in 60fps , and make it into a cardboard vid "
positive	" Lets go Andy ! Murray wins the 3rd set , down 1-2 . #usopen #andymurray "
positive	im just excited to cry to some frank ocean on the way to school tomorrow w @USER
neutral	" @USER @USER I really hope he stays now , Even if Kane dies of exhaustion by November "
negative	" @USER @USER I wonder why Mr . Rahul Gandhi made this mistake . I could understand he may write Italy or Russia ! But " " British " " shocks "
positive	" Just had an email from my boss : are you free Fri 25th to go Milan ? Er , let me see ... YES ! ! "
negative	" So asad is n't enough for kill muslim that 's way @USER u invite USA to kill Muslims , may Allah punish you how much u deserve . "
positive	The Vamps will be at the #XtraFactor ( ITV 2 ) at 9pm tomorrow ! Make sure you tune in !
positive	@USER Iron Maiden reference ... Now you 're talking ! New album #BookOfSouls drops Friday #uptheirons Woooooo ! \ m / \ m /
positive	but today is one direction 's 5th anniversary sharknado 3 is coming and cory tweeted about sharknado and makes me wanna cry im so emotional
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER To be regular after Eid busy time tomorrow also going out full day
positive	" Good morning 2 all my followers & fellow Christians , may GOD go b - 4 u n everything y'all do on this Sabbath day ! ! ! I love u all beloved ! ! ! "
positive	If anyone can do my hair and makeup for homecoming the 12th that would be Gucci . I 'll pay .
neutral	@USER @USER @USER I think he may have voted against or abstained on gay rights actually So they 'd paint him as a hypocrit
positive	@USER haha I try it every time the mrs pops out . In fact I 'm sat here right now in one of her Gucci thongs and nothing else :)
neutral	that one time my grandma met Caitlyn Jenner for the 2ND TIME
neutral	" ALERT : Thursday 's Throwback , Sharknado will start immediately after the UNC vs . USC Football Game Watch Party in the Theatre ! ETA : 10PM "
positive	" @USER , Hii Bale how r u bro on 12 Sep match is their , so all the best for the match and I hope my favorite real madrid team will win "
positive	@USER i would do anything for meet & greets for Ed Sheeran 's Toronto show on september 20th . any way you can help ?
neutral	" 3 things Buhari can do and he 'll get a 2nd term automatically . Tackle corruption , improve electricity , stifle Boko Haram . "
neutral	Zac Brown Band on September 11 or AC / DC on September 15 at Down the Line Rooftop $ 99.00 HTTPURL #ChicagoDeals
positive	Chance the Rapper concert Oct 14th then Janet Jackson concert Oct 27th ...
neutral	Meek Mill dissed Future too ? Nicki may as well start giving him an allowance cause it 's all over .
positive	Been having so much fun in the ocean ! ! Ca n't wait for tomorrow 's big waves but off to Yoga to stretch it out ! Yewwww HTTPURL
negative	" She may be trans , but she has 100 million to wipe away her tears from being discriminated against . I feel no sympathy for Caitlyn Jenner . "
neutral	" Cameron 's comments may be overly rough on Labour MP 's , but McDonnell called for Labour councillors to have kneecaps shot off by the IRA . "
neutral	Gucci bags motive force brass july end the dyad yours express mutual regard coda till well-inclined care : NGkrbiZbR
neutral	There is a lot to know about our new Moto G ( 3rd Generation ) . Click here : HTTPURL to find more ... HTTPURL
negative	When ur fam gets Red Sox tickets for Friday and does n't get you one ... O
negative	@USER Yakub 's guilt has been proved & pardon plea rejected . Why should a sane man spk it now . Excusing pseudo-innocent may encourage criminal
positive	well I 'm going to see Justin Bieber in March ! ! ! Merry Xmas to me .
positive	Can it be April so I can be closer to see Justin Bieber ? ? ?
negative	" #JohnKerry says #ISIS had a " " rationale " " for the Charlie Hebdo killings in January ( pic of Muhammad ) , but Friday night in Paris was different "
positive	@USER Team Undertaker right here . Thinking we may see Kane tonight though .
neutral	I hope my Dean Ambrose stuff comes today if not it 's supposed to come tomorrow
positive	We will be highlight our guests every Monday for #CMX2015 and we are kicking it off with Sara Moni ! With Ant-Man ... HTTPURL
neutral	" only us ... milan , italy ... feb 14 2017 ... saving the date . "
positive	JOHN CENA ! ! For the 16th time ! #SummerSlam #TitlevsTitle
neutral	" Tried to make a dinner reservation for my husband 's birthday tomorrow , but Amy Schumer 's in town and EVERY RESTAURANT is booked . #wifefail . "
negative	@USER Curtis died 26 Dec 1999 . What is it with Christmas and my musical heroes ? !
positive	Music at Citizens Bank Park continues with the Zac Brown Band tomorrow night . Tickets available here : HTTPURL
positive	" I 'm getting out the Gay life today and get me women , but I 'll be back tomorrow ... lol "
positive	Listening to Foo Fighters all day to prepare for tomorrow yeeessss
neutral	" To combat the thick smog enveloping parts of Italy , Milan has imposed a 3 day ban on private vehicles from this Monday through Wednes ... "
neutral	@USER rumors say that may be possible . Also the home console specs are similar to PS4 & XBONE . Handheld specs are gr8r than PS Vita
positive	@USER love the thing u done with Seth Rollins Monday yes whether he wants to admit it or not he did say he did n't need the authority
neutral	Scott Walker turned a heckling incident at the Iowa State Fair on Monday into an opportunity to hawk his book and ... HTTPURL
negative	Fierce fighting erupts between Chadian army and Boko Haram : Heavy fighting pitted the Chadian army on Monday a ... HTTPURL
neutral	I take it it 's for holiday / schools being off reasons that Paper Towns opens here on a Monday ( ? )
neutral	@USER it 's been hell living as a White Sox fan in Chicago this summer . Go get them tomorrow giants !
neutral	Abi ! Na wetin be result of the Super Eagles against Tanzania today under new coach Sunday Oliseh ?
neutral	" C'mon , let 's make Heart 's " " Magic Man " " Kris Bryant 's new walkup music HTTPURL "
neutral	Owasi backs Yakub with a religious spin . It 's a disservice to Yakub . He has mitigating factors in favour.Religious spin may spoil his case
neutral	40 pitches in the 1st inning is not david price like
neutral	" Check out Paul McCartney talking about the 3rd unreleased Beatles reunion song " " Now and Then " " that remains ... HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER @USER I hear you , if I understand correctly , you 're saying Israel may have to totally close its border to stop the attacks ? "
neutral	Bachata Contest this Friday with Dj Richie Rich en Nirvana ! ! HTTPURL
positive	" Iran ranks 1st in futsal held in China : Tehran , Dec 21 , IRNA - Iran 's futsal team ranked first in the quartet c ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Guti can't come up with it . Garcia with an RBI single . White Sox lead Mariners , 1-0 in the 1st . "
neutral	" Domino 's song of the day for tomorrow , September 3rd , is : Ed Sheeran - Photograph Listen for it sometime ... HTTPURL "
positive	" It 's finally here ! Tomorrow sees the release of Harper Lee 's Go Set a Watchman , a sequel to the legendary To Kill ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Some copies of " " Go set a Watchman " " by Harper Lee may have lines of text missing at the bottom of six pages between 252 and 277 . "
neutral	" @USER I was watching Age of Ultron last night and something stuck out , at the end Thor says the mind gem is the 4th infinity stone to "
negative	7 Boko Haram militants killed in a clash with Chadian security forces : Yesterday Wednesday ... HTTPURL Via @USER
neutral	" Hulk Hogan may have been dumped from WWE 's upcoming tour of Australia , but he 's still a champ in the eyes of his daughter Brooke . "
positive	" Baker Mayfield may have the starting job at OU , but Trevor Knight will always have that shoutout from Katy Perry . "
positive	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL Arnold Schwarzenegger and Joe Manganiello join Hulk Hogan in the ring : Raw , March 24 , "
neutral	You know you 're a nerd when - Your hair person tries to book an apt on Dec 18 . Nope . Ca n't . That 's a holiday . Star Wars Day !
positive	" #bbq 12 Bad Dogs : The Hot Dog Goes Global - National Hot Dog Day is Thursday , July 23 . Now you know . Time to teach ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Hi all , if you are anywhere Los Angeles , and are free on Friday , we need U2 fans for on-camera interviews . See prev tweet "
positive	" U2 tickets for @USER on sale on Monday . Will be a tough ticket , & will be concert of the year . HTTPURL #u2Belfast "
positive	@USER i hope you are touring with TT oct 13th in milan seen the show 5 times in the uk and you were awesome chick ..
positive	" if anyone would like to surprise me with some Sam Smith tickets for Monday , that 'd be great . Plz and thank you . "
neutral	" NFL Leaves Tom Brady off Photo of Elite QBs : On Sunday night , the NFL tweeted out a graphic showing seven of t ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" For anyone listening tomorrow , I confused Peter Pan with Moby Dick , I did n't confuse Thor and Wolverine . "
neutral	" sorry mom I can't go to school tomorrow , I need time to cope with Nicki killing Miley "
negative	Kris Jenner threatened to kick Kim Kardashian out of her home on Sunday 's episode of the family reality show ... HTTPURL
negative	Ronda Rousey lose please lose Saturday night . I do n't like her . She talked grimy about my dude Floyd Mayweather .
negative	Huh ? ! Holm is n't ready . Nothing in her previous fights makes me think she can beat Rousey . HTTPURL
positive	1st time watching Sharknado--too freaking funny ! Luv the cast ! Watching # 3 & def will watch the 1st two ! Gotta join Sharknado cult following !
positive	No surprise : Dustin Johnson had a strong 1st rd Thursday at PGA Championship . Can he sustain it through weekend ? HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER nirvana may be the face of grunge but they did n't create it . Df may have many hands in but they aint 90 % responsible
neutral	I am picturing Saturday Night Fever with John Travolta and the Bee Gees ' #StayingAlive @USER HTTPURL
neutral	" HAPPY for WILSON getting B'MOUTH 1st & 2nd GOALS ... Saw him WORKING hard vs MUFC . But , SAD that ADEBAYOR no10 is NOW with KANE . @USER "
neutral	" Fox News reveals the 10 Republicans who will take the debate stage Thursday night in Cleveland : John Kasich , who ... #Cleveland #politics "
neutral	" Head coach of the Super Eagles , Sunday Oliseh , has spoken about his relationship with former team-m ... HTTPURL #badotweet "
positive	@USER it was a pleasure to meet U at James Beard American restaurant in Milan last thursday with Anthony !
neutral	I 'm gonna be so pissed if I end up missing the release of Calibraska tomorrow
neutral	" Iron Maiden with Quiet Riot as special guest at Madison Square Garden NYC - October 8th , 1983 Iron Maiden new ... HTTPURL "
negative	" Ya know , John Kasich actually seems like a real human being with a real record .. Too bad that may or may not mean anything "
negative	" Gay marriage became legal June 26 ... by gawd , the world has yet to implode "
neutral	" BUENOS AIRES , Dec 11 ( Reuters ) - Argentina 's new government will not appeal a court 's decision to strike down a deal with Iran over "
neutral	Ibrahimovic will join Milan in January when PSG gets knocked out from the group stage of the CL . A star like Ibra can't play Europa League .
positive	@USER Maybe january you go to milan ... See you ! !
neutral	Kris Bryant with a solo shot to RF in the Bottom of the 2nd the #Cubs & Brewers are now tied @USER 1
neutral	" @USER @USER If u r ready as a substitute for Yakub , he may intervene . "
positive	" Friday random ten : Revisiting the Rolling Stone 500 Greatest Songs list , part 6 : It 's a good song ... HTTPURL #reggaenews "
positive	" New wish time :) 12.00 he meets harry , liam , niall and louis and his surgery goes well HTTPURL "
positive	" Oh tomorrow I 'll probably rant about black fashion and blacks aspiration to purchase luxury brands ( Louis , Gucci , Versace , etc ) "
neutral	" Ventura maintains focus on day 's game : As far back as SoxFest at the end of January , White Sox manager Robin V ... HTTPURL "
neutral	David Wright will resume his rehab assignment tomorrow evening at 6:30 PM with the @USER . Off today again . #Mets
neutral	Correction : Carson did not say Christians deserve more 1st Amendment protections than other religions . But what he did say was clear as mud .
neutral	" We as Christians may ask the question , " " Why is everything turning to evil and to the worse for the True Child of ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Gucci unmentionables themselves private matter july prove to be the couple thine unique now gain so industrial ...
neutral	" @USER ' Well , anyone else than Thor if he hardly around . I mean you may have some friends . ' He raises a brow . "
neutral	" From possessed nuns tonight to the Twilight of the gods tomorrow . Time for bed . Good night , bonne nuit , bona nit , gute Nacht "
positive	actually today was very usefull ! i love friday ! rest day in irAN
positive	Happy Monday ! Did you know that today is National Ice Cream Day ? ! This Monday is n't going to be so tough after all ... HTTPURL
neutral	Anyone want to buy some Zac Brown Band tickets for Sept 3 ?
neutral	" @USER guest Sr.WH Advisor Valerie Jarret from IRAN , talks ' bout BHO Admin 's reformation of the Criminal Justice System at 1:55 am . CST Mon "
positive	A very happy birthday to Prince George ! The cutest prince in the whole darn land . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER you can pre order and get it but PS4 may have 30 days exclusivity . It 's all speculation though ...
negative	If Murray loses this 2nd set I 'm pretty sure he wo n't win this .
neutral	" David Wright is retired in the 7th inning on a nice play up the middle , now 2-4 on the night for St.Lucie . "
neutral	" Kim Kardashian 's maiden family outing with son : Los Angeles , Dec 20 : Reality TV star Kim Kardashian has stepp ... HTTPURL "
positive	" SULTAN will Release on EID . Shoot Starts in November and ll Wrap in March.There r No Plans to Shift the Release Date " " - @USER Spokesperson "
neutral	Before you know it .. it will be 2020 A . D . And you bustas will still be working on your 2nd album like Frank Ocean
negative	" I 'm so over Hulk Hogan . May rant on warm up / raw review . Been over Hogan since the 80s . He 's the true " " nugget " " that wo n't go down the toilet . "
neutral	" When the sun do n't ever shine , Noche de Nirvana : HTTPURL "
positive	" If we have a chance to make vocal track with the International singer , that person will be Frank Ocean . Happy Friday everyone ! #DreamBig "
negative	" @USER @USER Iran 's democracy is super healthy , Iranians may vote for whoever the murdering mullahs want "
negative	Overheard : being gay at church on sunday - me : now back to this bitch who had a lot to say about me during ... HTTPURL
positive	" McKay & Donuts : BIG Tuesday on the show ! Another B95 New Music Tuesday with New stuff from Zac Brown Band , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	If this is my last tweet I died in a airplane crash if not then I 'll be at the Red Sox game tomorrow .
positive	" I 'm gonna be blessed with the 5th album , justin , zayn , frank ocean ( when he rises from death ) , adele .. I 'm not stressed "
neutral	" A Baby-Boomer , PS4 & An Audience . That 's Keith 's dream . VOTE NOW ! And do n't miss TGIF with @USER FRI at 7pm EST HTTPURL "
neutral	Is Adele really gonna drop her album in November ? Or is she can act like Frank Ocean ? Lol
positive	Brock Lesnar 's the best thing going in wrestling . There 's not even a close 2nd .
neutral	@USER I want to see Bruan Strowman vs Brock Lesnar on Smackdown this Thursday
positive	I see Ed Sheeran tomorrow and I could n't be happier . Best cure for the soul .
neutral	Wednesday 's Coyotes Tracks - Kane on the Move ? HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Kane and bentaleb were always gonna breakthrough , too talented not to , Bentaleb should be 4th choice with class in front of him "
neutral	When non-mooslims make deals with Islam - might want to remember doctrine of Taqiyah . #allowed2lietonon-Muslim RT : HTTPURL
positive	@USER @USER @USER oh yeah sorry Chris Evans said it was Friday idiot ok happy Thursday xxx HTTPURL
positive	" It may ( or probably will not ) come as a surprise , but Iruka is and has been my favorite character in Naruto since the very beginning . "
positive	@USER Happy birthday to you old friend ! Have a blast and may Allah bless you . Happy Eid and enjoy your roti kaya hahaha
negative	" gov . john Kasich has a problem , he is starting LATE in a 15 man field with the first debate coming up on the 6th of aug . he must debate "
neutral	" Charlotte , The New Day , Triple H , John Cena and others sit down with Michael Cole every Wednesday in HTTPURL "
neutral	I wish i could listen to kpop during the exam tomorrow
positive	Oh my god the video is out tomorrow THE FIRST VIDEO AFTER ZAYN LEFT ONE DIRECTION IS OUT TOMORROW DIG A HOLE AND THROW ME IN THERE
neutral	" Did you hear about Zayn leaving One Direction " " That 's so March 25th dad " " "
neutral	@USER #MLBCentral David Wright crushing a dinger on his first swing since April 14th . I did n't think he would pull a Wilmer Flores !
positive	Julia won her 1st comp .. that means everyone in the house has won a comp .. cant remember the last time Big Brother had a house like this #BB17
negative	" Holm for Rousey on Jan . 2nd , not Cupcake . Have n't been even slightly impressed with Holm yet . That 's another paddling . #AndStill "
neutral	" D1 : Highest on preEid , D2 : Highest on Eid , D3 : Highest single day ever , D4 : Highest monday par with day 1 , each day is a RECORD 4 #BajrangiBhaijaan . "
neutral	" The President of Chad , Idriss Deby , said on Tuesday that the Boko Haram sect was no longer led by Abubakar ... HTTPURL "
negative	Holm does n't have enough MMA experience . She 's going to get schooled . Rousey will simply demolished her . #UFC195 HTTPURL
positive	Nicki is the most talked about tonight and will be tomorrow . No doubt !
neutral	My friend just told me I can't wear any of my Ice Cube shirts to the NWA movie tomorrow . Yes I have multiple .
neutral	So apparently Brock Lesnar will be facing the same man he decimated on #RAW from Brooklyn on October 3rd LIVE on the #WWENetwork from MSG .
neutral	" @USER not great Sam Smith there he is quality still be a good day I 'd say , especially tomorrow if it 's as sunny as it says "
negative	" @USER If you really want to help muslims you may try to destroy ( Iran ) instead of destroy ( us ) , why you try to divide Sunni ? ! ! ? ? "
neutral	Joint-leader amateur Paul Dunne 16/1 to win the Open Championship tomorrow . Padraig Harrington is 18/1 . Jordan Spieth tops market at 5/2 !
positive	That scene with Ice Cube writing Friday solidified so many things for me and my writing . Formal training is ... HTTPURL
negative	@USER Curtis Good is n't good enough for the Scottish 2nd Division mate - another terrible buy to go with all of the rest .
neutral	" REPOST 2 Bikes just opened up for SOUL SUNDAY 930am TERLINGO CYCLE Four Tops , Bee Gees , Gloria Gaynor ( like ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Awesome , Paul McCartney at the ACC in October . So expensive and the people may be out of my comfortable age range haha . "
neutral	@USER Naruto dawg . I grew up watching how the story unfolded and shit . Been watching since like 5th grade now shit got global
positive	The Foo Fighters show has a lot of diversity . In the white people that attend a concert on a Tuesday night .
neutral	" Before the legendary Frank Gifford was a part of Monday Night Football 's all-time team , he belonged to New York ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Revenge is sweet . John Cena hits Jon Stewart with Attitude Adjustment on #RAW . HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	" - Puts Black Hole Sun on in the car - My Dad asks my Mom who plays this song Mom : The Beatles ? No wait , David Bowie ! - . - ; ; #oww #facepalm "
neutral	Many gays come out twice . 1st as gay . 2nd as a Katy Perry fan . Many cowards remain in the Katy closet . Congratulations @USER
neutral	I PACK BENJAMINS Floyd Mayweather stuffing $ 1 MILLY into bag like its nothing may make u feel some type a way HTTPURL
positive	I think I may have finally figured it all out and understand the big picture Currently in a state of nirvana and I 've never felt more ___
negative	" My law teacher was indirectly taunting me about isis and Charlie hebdo today on class , o wonder what 's gonna happen on Monday ... "
positive	" It 's #WWE #SummerSlam on Sunday ! We make Brock Lesnar 13/8 to take out the Undertaker , who is 4/9 . Full odds here : HTTPURL "
negative	Israel 's probably gonna go on strike tomorrow and I 'm screaming on the inside ... I WANT TO GO HOME
neutral	The August NL position player leaders in fWAR meet to close up the month tonight : Joey Votto and Kris Bryant .
positive	" Foo Fighters in Edinburgh tomorrow night ( ! ! ! ) with @USER and I move to uni on Friday , what an excellent / terrifying week "
neutral	" Security cover of 30,000 cops , for Yakub burial . India has no future with such doings : India = 3rd world country HTTPURL "
negative	Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker sidestepped ' ridiculous ' questions on Friday about whether he would be willing to ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER Of course you 're still in race for the JBL speakers and Moto G 3rd Gen ! Keep tweeting #SabKuchFixKaregaMrRight !
negative	" Although George Orwell may have predicted Big Brother , he likely never imagined it would be so voluntary HTTPURL "
neutral	Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday said India attaches high importance to its relations with Iran and expressed keenness to furth ...
negative	" Saw a Real Madrid fan boast " " We made the top 3 in La Liga , United fought for 4th #LOL " " there 's only 3 teams in La Liga fuck face . "
positive	" One day , I 'll tell my kids that I was included in a CBS Local story about Sharknado tweets : HTTPURL "
neutral	" I remember standing on Suncorp 15 mins b4 1st Lions Test & @USER saying , " " this is rugby nirvana " " . Today match it mate ? #MarlinsWallabies "
neutral	@USER keeping Dez ( 1st ) and Hill ( 9th ) . Green & Calvin will prob be the best avail WR 's . Nervous about both . Go with Murray or Gore ?
neutral	" Galliani : " " Boateng will be a Milan player starting from January 4 , Suso will join Genoa . Honda ? No problems , he is certainly staying . " " "
neutral	" @USER @USER technically we have school tomorrow , yes no yes , it 's not a goodbye it 's a cough , Justin Bieber , Pasquina "
neutral	Sending troops to Iraq may be a dangerous game for Turkey : Ankara 's dispute with the federal government in Ira ... HTTPURL
neutral	" People of Cape Town ! Organic Gardening Workshop by the Muslims for Eco-Justice ! This Saturday , Al-Azhar Masjid . HTTPURL "
positive	then it goes into here comes the sun from my star george harrison
neutral	" Milan fans living through Bee , he 's living our dream . Just please get rid of galliani before buying the club HTTPURL "
positive	Scott Walker AND Marco Rubio will be on with us Monday Morning . You wo n't want to miss Mondays Radio show . Love ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Father of dead Canadian reservist says son just wanted to help people : Kirby Tott , the Prince George reservist who died Saturday on b ... "
negative	Somalia : the 2nd most dangerous country on Earth for Christians . Pray for #ThePersecutedChurch HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	BIG Brother tomorrow is going to be so good
neutral	VIDEO : John Cena hits Jon Stewart with an attitude adjustment on Monday Night #RAW HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	" Saturday movie reviews : " " Ant-man " " is fun & light HTTPURL while " " Woman in Gold " " is tugs at the heart HTTPURL "
neutral	My dads seeing Paul McCartney for like the 6th time and yet he still asks me why I need to keep seeing Taylor swift ? ? ?
positive	Aight twitter and facebook ; i am going dark till after i see star wars tomorrow . May the force be with you all ! Happy Star Wars Day ! ! !
positive	" Be on the look out for my Miss USA 2015 recap tomorrow ! Hear about my favorite gowns , swimsuit bods , and ... HTTPURL "
neutral	4Ks for Kershaw through 2 . He may get 15 like Chris Sale did for the White Sox a couple of weeks ago .
neutral	" J'regarde des infos sur Ragnarok ( le film ) & bon : " " Thor will make it out of the third movie [ .. ] Loki , on the other hand may not be so Lucky . " " "
neutral	" WWE 2K15 Randy Orton " " 11 you may have won tonight but at Wrestlemania I 'm sending you to Suplex City Bitch "
neutral	" I was part of 40 - minute @USER w @USER show on Muslims , Europe and the refugee crisis . On NPR on Sunday HTTPURL "
negative	lil cousin Kendrick funeral is tomorrow it will be hard seein alot of people heartbroken and crying #flyhighkendrick HTTPURL
negative	maybe he got briana pregnant on the 28th kys Sam ur not funny
positive	Extra ZAC Brown Band ticket for Friday is anyone is interested ! ! ! ( You get to sit with me and my sisters )
neutral	Michelle 's supposed to be picking me up for moes Monday and I call to see where she is and she said she stopped at dunkin for a donut
neutral	David Price gets out of a Jam again in the 2nd Inning
neutral	" Red Sox may be losing , but the no hitter is still intact . "
positive	" It 's National Hot Dog Day ! Celebrate With Photos Of Celebs Eating Hot Dogs ! : Happy July 23 , AKA National Hot Dog Day ! No doubt you 've ... "
neutral	Looking for someone to go to Paul mccartney with in October anyone interested ? lol do n't wanna go alone
negative	Buhari has shifted his campaign promise on Boko Haram . Now claims he will end BH by December instead of 2months . Nigerians have been scammed
neutral	" New music on iTunes : Adele 's 25 , holiday album deals , and pre-order David Bowie 's Blackstar : Every Friday , the ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" BREAKING NEWS : Bobby , Chloe-Jasmine & Stevie , Gail and Chris all face eviction from the Celebrity Big Brother house on Tuesday #cbb #CBBBOTS "
positive	Blue Jays 3RD Josh Donaldson deserves the AL MVP for sure . And that 's coming from a Red Sox fan . That man is fun to watch .
neutral	@USER I have 1 question . Did you actually sing the song waiting for the sun by approaching Nirvana ? ? ?
positive	" Marvel kicks off the presentation ! Alan Horn starts by praising Ant-Man 's # 1 opening , which he says is Marvel 's 12th consecutive # 1 opener . "
positive	Vegas Sept 12 Floyd Mayweather undercard . Make sure you there ! !
neutral	@USER the sun released fake articles that the boys are breaking up but then Niall and Louis confirmed they rnt
negative	" Why are people still talking about Eid , that was so last Friday "
positive	" @USER : David Price earns the win on his 30th Birthday , improving to 4-0 with a 1.98 ERA & 0.96 WHIP in 5 starts with the #BlueJays . "
positive	" And believe me . To me is normal , just like knowing that if Justin Bieber drops a video right now . it will have million views by tomorrow . "
positive	You can put it in the board ! ! Hell yes ! White Sox lead 1-0 on Abreu 's 24th of the season ! ! HTTPURL
positive	" Kickin the Friday off with a gem of a jam Disclosure ft . Sam Smith , " " Omen " " This is gon be a classic "
positive	Ed Sheeran may be the only person alive who can preform like he does - how does that man have so much talent
neutral	Ortiz Belts 30th Home Run In Red Sox ' Win Over Phillies : ... homers to become the 27th player in MLB ... HTTPURL #MLBStats
positive	@USER Watched Paper Towns ( Cidades de Papel in Brazil ) for the 3rd time yesterday . It 's really addictive ! HTTPURL
positive	" After seeing the Foo Fighters on Saturday at Milton Keynes , wished i had gone to Murrayfield aswell . Ca n't wait for them to tour again . "
neutral	@USER listen to ep 723 the latest Joe Rogan podcast where he discusses @USER loss with Dana White in Qantas 1st class !
negative	@USER Harsh anti-Semitic hate speech unwarranted on Iran . 80 synagogues happy with Muslims . Iraq & Iran same 1st / Biblical lands .
neutral	replace austin with sam smith and replace 5h with someone else HTTPURL
negative	Does the overturned suspension change your opinion of Tom Brady ? HTTPURL once a cheater always a cheater - proven many times
positive	New Mgla and Iron Maiden are going to be fighting HARD for my time on Friday
negative	#YakubHanged Congi liberals who are whining Kalam would have pardoned Yakub should have supported Kalam 's 2nd term . Why all the drama now ?
negative	@USER this may surprise you Curtis but some people can care about more than one issue at a time . @USER @USER
positive	Not even 20 pages into Paper Towns and the book centers around the night of May 5th . I know its gonna be a good one now ! #cincodemayo
neutral	" As for Niall and Lottie dating , 1st it 's just a pic LOL , 2nd remember the boys said they will never let their sisters date the other members "
positive	" Tom Brady will play Thursday night with all his weapons Gronk , Amendola , etc . Should be good . Goodell must be pissed ! "
neutral	Scott Walker convinced Canadian wall will shade his bald spot from the hot northern sun .
negative	I 'm starting to think Kane may just be a one season wonder .
neutral	@USER ohh . Haha there were just two stories about NASA ... Sharknado will have to wait until tomorrow night .
neutral	" damn Kendrick running the rap game , Cole a close 2nd tho "
positive	Ed Sheeran did a song with @USER CLASS IS CANCELLED TOMORROW !
positive	I went crazy when @USER went on that run & @USER scored & I was sat in the Milan end ! #WhatANight HTTPURL
neutral	Karlie Kloss celebrates 23rd birthday by baking cake : Karlie Kloss at the New York premiere of ' Paper Towns ' o ... HTTPURL
positive	" Friday , September 4th celebrate the Iron Maiden " " The Book of Souls " " Album Release Party ! Starting at 6 PM buy a ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" How to Play the Okeechobee Music Festival in March With Mumford & Sons , Kendrick Lamar , and More HTTPURL via @USER "
positive	Floyd Mayweather going to Fight Andre Berto in September thats just more money in my Pocket lol
positive	" National Hot Dog Day is tomorrow , July 23rd ! Will you take care of business like this little tyke ? Love this kid ! ! ! HTTPURL "
negative	" I can't wait to watch it this august " " @USER : Everything about Caitlyn jenner irritates me .. When I see the ad of her reality tv show .. "
neutral	@USER I believe Zayn 's return is due for Jan so he 'll probably be at the Rumble . No idea what they 'll do with Hideo .
neutral	@USER but Shawn said Monday they add an extra 8 hours that you do n't work
positive	Excited to be a part of the battle of Big Brother vs Little Brother tomorrow afternoon . Going to be fun . Call sheet is loaded and ready 2 go
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER @USER If I went for PS4 I could have been playing it by tomorrow or Saturday . I am PC dedicated , it hurts . "
positive	" Part of me hopes undertakers gonna win but compared to Brock lesnar , I just do n't know what 's gonna happen . HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER Hands down the Irish amateur , Paul Dunne , thrilled the world . More to come tomorrow ! ! ! #SC3stars HTTPURL "
negative	Who the fuck would buy a Justin Bieber vinyl HTTPURL
positive	Fair play to Paul Dunne ... mighty three rounds of golf .. lets hope he is in the last group tomorrow ! !
positive	6 . In the 7th grade I stole the janitors keys so I can go into the comp lab n print out twilight pictures for my wall
neutral	So Brock Lesnar is just going to throw every single person on the roster into the sun ? Great . #RAW
negative	" 18 Dec 1979 , the UN called on nations to stop discriminating against women . 36 yrs & Iran continues to ignore #CEDAW HTTPURL "
neutral	Kelly looks to keep rolling in series opener vs . White Sox - Monday 's series opener between the Red Sox and White ... HTTPURL
neutral	I debate seeing Ant-Man tonight for the 3rd time ... Do I ?
positive	I 'm supposed to be doing a talk in my teachers office tomorrow about Moon Landing and I think I 'll talk about David Bowie songs instead
positive	Night everyone ... will post pics of Zayn tomorrow again ... I love all of you . HTTPURL
neutral	I have my Agent Carter t shirt and my Jan earrings . The concession stand guy said stay till the end . As prepared for Ant-man as I can be ?
positive	Pumpkin spice flavor is already back at dunkin and I do n't know how to feel because it 's still august
positive	So I got the job at Dunkin and I 'm leaving for Cali Wednesday
neutral	@USER @USER @USER hell yea . I was really feelin kendrick and coles black friday shit too . I can wait for the album
negative	Literally so annoyed with everyone on Kanye West 's weenie ... he 's just another celebrity puppet and you all fall for it ? C'mon
neutral	looks like I 'm done with Kpop guys HTTPURL
positive	David Price pitched the #BlueJays past the #Orioles to earn his 100th career win on Saturday . HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	Happy 2nd birthday to our little royal package . #2nd #birthday same day as Prince George x HTTPURL
neutral	@USER with happy homes coming out i think so ! ! ! and also gay marriage may start showing up too ...
neutral	" April does not die , it is the soul of Sharknado with Fin . Do not she remove , please @USER #AprilLives #Sharknado4 "
neutral	" @USER @USER Both young , talented with potential . Kane 's 1st season was ace , struggled since . Martial still raw.risks in both "
neutral	1st time in my life I agree with Brock Lesnar about his Rousey comment . #UFC #WWE
positive	hopes 4 the film version : John Green 's Paper Towns HTTPURL looking forward to seeing advancescreening of Paper Towns tomorrow
neutral	" What Do You Mean , by Justin Bieber why does it make so much sense HTTPURL "
neutral	Johnson to start Sunday as Sale pushed back : Erik Johnson will start for the White Sox in Sunday 's series fina ... HTTPURL
neutral	Now we need to make one for Frank Ocean HTTPURL
neutral	Hmmm I feel like this one is copied from the World leaders Paris march After Charlie Hebdo incident HTTPURL
neutral	If you 're looking for the national stockpile of Nike Roshes or coconut water you 'll find it at Monday night yoga at Ponsonby Central .
positive	Ryan Braun just stole his 20th base of the season . Fourth 20-20 season of his career .
positive	STING RETURNS to MONDAY NIGHT RAW and challenges Seth Rollins for the WWE WORLD HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP ! ! ! IT'S ... HTTPURL
negative	Saudi Arabia is like Narnia to me . I may HAVE to go to Mecca one day to fulfil my religious obligation but already dreading being there .
negative	" Merkel has gone mad ! HTTPURL Merkel calls Germans " " vile " " for protesting the 3rd world invasion of their country by Muslims "
neutral	@USER Sam smith and kasabian on Saturday / / the script and Calvin Harris on Sunday mate was quality x
negative	" Not even Syrians think of destroying Israel as much as Nusrah , it seems , yet Israel gives them shelter & medical care HTTPURL "
neutral	" Ice Cube told me to throw my neighbourhood in the air , if I do n't care . I am not so sure how to do dat . #Friday #IceCube "
positive	I 'm going to see Paul McCartney perform on October 13th . I can't believe it !
negative	You all have nothing to do in Islam ... may Allah ( SWT ) keep misguiding you inshallah .
neutral	" Too Much Heaven by Bee Gees was the @USER magazine Hot 100 No . 1 hit on January 13,1979 "
neutral	When Christians aunt asks us if we want to go to the Red Sox vs Yankees game on Tuesday > >
positive	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL Here Comes the Sun Lesson - Beatles , George Harrison "
negative	@USER Do n't curse the saviour of Islam . May IS take over Pakistan soon to make it pure Sharia country . HTTPURL
positive	Happy 2nd Birthday Prince George ! ! Kensington Palace celebrates the young royal 's 2nd birthday with another ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER are u guys gonna give away more tickets to meet Shawn tonight or is it gonna continue tomorrow
neutral	@USER may be they dont wanna hurt the fans with zayn 's pic with the boys !
positive	Ice Cube and O'Shea are gonna appear tonight may the Lord have mercy on my soul . They 're so damn fine .
positive	Happy Monday ! Kanye West is running for President of the United States of America ... HTTPURL
positive	" . @USER I do n't always stack the Thursday night game in DFS , but when I do it 's because Tom Brady is gonna throw for 500 yards . "
negative	What 's going on why are people slandering Frank ocean ? He may be liar but he is one of the greatest talents my nigga
positive	Happy Tuesday . Our countdown to Christmas continues today with our 2013 release of David Bowie and Bing Crosby 's ... HTTPURL
negative	Kane oh no ... I sub Kane for lukaku now he scores ... Rooney wo n't score tomorrow to complete a bad FPL week
neutral	If you have n't heard Black Friday by Kendrick and J Cole I suggest for you to listen to it .
negative	" Ive had the most f 'd up week , from having my big brother passing on Tuesday to my phone drowning in beer ( which i dont even drink ) "
neutral	" So sad to hear Frank Gifford died . I have some fond memories of watching Monday Night Football with my Dad . Frank , Howard and Dandy Don . "
positive	WIN TICKETS TO SEE MS . JANET JACKSON LIVE THIS AFTERNOON with Richard Ryder ! Janet Jackson live September 15 at ... HTTPURL
neutral	" I feel like just yesterday louis was 18 , and harry , Niall , Liam , and Zayn were 16 HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER this is absolutely ridiculous . Was n't it just " " national ice cream day " " on Sunday ? Who makes up these days ? This is n't official . This is "
negative	Zac Brown Band - Goodbye In Her Eyes fuck you MAGGOOT KBG 3RD MATE RUSSIA PUTIN FUCK YOU
positive	" OMG.OMG . can't wait guys , it 's tomorrow ! Do n't think about how Zayn 's not there.It ' s his fault , not ours ! Remember that . #DragMeDownMusicVideo "
neutral	" My Sweet Lord by George Harrison is #nowplaying in The Sun , Lancaster . Download it now at HTTPURL "
negative	" Just saw Scott Walker call Hillary the " " Deciever in Chief " " . Yes . Today is Throw Up Thursday . "
neutral	if scotus can make laws about gay marriage & abortion the next logical step is redefining the 2nd amend . get ready
neutral	Kris Bryant lines out to LF to end the Top of the 1st stranding runners on 1st & 2nd with no score between the #Cubs & Brewers
negative	Outsider 's perspective to Dark Souls : You die a lot and masturbate to the sun .
negative	Sunday morning up at the lark a think I 'll take a bomb to Hyde park hey hey hey it 's the IRA
positive	GOAL ! Kane 1-0 England His 3rd in 4 internationals . Shaw with a great pull back and Kane slams it home with his left . #ENGvSWI
positive	When you realize that bye Felicia from Friday was a real experience in Straight Outta Compton with Ice Cube #MyDumdAss #ByeFelicia #bruuh
neutral	Jason Aldean is n't going to play Texas Was You Thursday night and I can honestly say I 'm upset about it
positive	Sept 4th . Jeezy and Gucci on the same track ? ! Historical day for hip-hop HTTPURL
negative	" I think Sharknado 3 may have jumped the shark , and gone too far down the make a bad movie road . The second half is just awful in a bad way . "
positive	YO ! Watching tfi Friday brings back good memories shout out to Chris Evans it 's a party I wanna be at #OldSkool
neutral	Friday night baseball ! Stop by Village Tavern tonight for Phillies @USER Red Sox starting at 7:10 ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Separation of Church and state does n't seem to apply to islam , does it ? HTTPURL "
neutral	" When life gets eerie : my iTunes shuffle just started playing " " Big Brother " " by Kanye West as I finish off Sunday 's centerpiece story . Timely . "
negative	I hate @USER right now . How dare you pick Tom Brady in the 4th round .
negative	The ' Muslims Facing Tomorrow ' organization is as big of a joke as the ' Muslim Canadian Congress ' organization .
neutral	Will @USER be a Super Eagles regular with his move to Weder Bremen ? Read it on @USER HTTPURL
positive	" congrats on your face #LumaGrothe ! #offduty in Milan . | See more about Milan , September and Models . - HTTPURL "
positive	" December 5th could be the biggest UFC Card put together . Aldo & McGregor , and Rousey as a co main event with her possibly fighting Cyborg . "
negative	" . @USER Well , it 's Rolling Stone , so they 're probably lying HTTPURL "
neutral	" Check out how Hurst , Kane & Shearer got on , then come have a go at the Orient launch of #WalkingFootball on Sept 17 ! HTTPURL "
positive	Zayn : ha ha I love Philly ! Going to make appearance tomorrow .. I love pears :) x
neutral	" July 4-6 . Cubs vs . Reds with all game times scheduled for 1:20 . White Sox vs . Yankees , with all times TBD . "
positive	Liam was the 2nd best singer of 1D when Zayn was in 1D ... now he is # 1 and Harry is on 2nd spot . HTTPURL
positive	" @USER OH SHI . Well , I know where I am heading either tomorrow out Tuesday . Thanks for the info . Will put out to Gucci use . "
positive	Probably gonna watch Paper Towns next Tuesday since I have to go somewhere and the ticket is half price ^ ^
neutral	ICYMI - this is the FULL video of Tony Blair at HoC Foreign Affairs Cttee Friday 11 December 2015 . Over one hour . HTTPURL
positive	Officially going to see Paul McCartney in October ! !
neutral	Trump : Gay marriage the ' law of the land ' : Republican front-runner Donald Trump said Friday that he wished a K ... HTTPURL
neutral	Stopped by n smoked a chop wit moms on my day off . Told her everything 's gucci gave her a 8th told her its for all the stress I caused lol
neutral	I 'll put money on de Gea being a Real Madrid player by the time I wake up tomorrow
negative	" Where the hell are the atheists ? Oh , right . We 're talking Islam here . They do n't have the balls to say anything . HTTPURL "
neutral	Nicki fighting all the rich flat ass divas 1st Taylor swift now miley cyrus
neutral	" But hey , i guess you could say at least we ( Milan ) spent money . 3rd place will be one hell of a mission , but Milan did it to themselves "
positive	" All that said , it 's the 2nd best looking game I 've played on PS4 behind Arkham Knight , which I think is still the only REAL current gen game "
neutral	" Harper Lee , the author of the American literature classic To Kill a Mockingbird , will publish her 2nd book , Go Set a Watchman , this Tuesday "
neutral	Selling Day for a Night Free Press Passes Ft . Kendrick Lamar . $ 40 for 2 day pass . Kendrick performs tomorrow at 9:30 p.m. Hmu if interested
neutral	Tbh come with me to dunkin tomorrow before the instore i payed 100 dollars to get the table on the plane @USER
neutral	" David Price will have his next start moved up a day from Sunday to Saturday , Sportsnet 's Barry Davis reports . HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER We started the window with 2 problem areas . Needing a 1st XI standard DM and a pacey ST as a Plan B / Back up to Kane .
neutral	Curtis would be the only school to have class tomorrow .
positive	#wallofcow the box office wo n't measure the impact Paper Towns has had . I saw it again sunday and it holds up over time ;)
positive	@USER I 'm hoping for the 4th b / c I 'm a big ol ' dork & it 's Star Wars Day . Ahahaha . :D
positive	" Time for bed ! Hope it rains tomorrow ... And wake up to a Harry , Niall , Liam , Louis and Zayn follow #MTVHottest One Direction "
neutral	You already know Brock Lesnar will Beat / Win the Undertaker this sunday at Summer Slam looool mark my words
positive	@USER and I are gonna cry throughout the entire Sam Smith concert on Monday .
positive	This is going to be a fun 5 years . The makings of the next Prime Minister ... George Osborne ... HTTPURL
positive	Every day I thank god that Nicki recycled I Love You n put it on Pink Friday as Your Love
positive	" Over the next few years , George Osborne might not be Mr Popular , but he may be Mr Right HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	I 'm not certain that the sun actually bothered rising today . We were encased in mirky twilight all day .
neutral	@USER I looked it up Online George Harrison died on November 29th I did n't know
neutral	Zayn just may be in London . Spending time with the fam before he makes the move to LA
positive	A little old man at Dunkin donuts told me I was beautiful . With the Monday I 've had ... i needed that .
neutral	#rawcl monday night run with seth rollins
neutral	okeem ampbell . @USER Comely Katy Perry Images . You may want to see : HTTPURL
neutral	@USER yo come by Bhs tomorrow imma be there with Mikayla and Gucci then we gonna work out . Come by I you wanna die ( hypothetically )
positive	" Ca n't wait for tomorrow 's headline : " " Nicki beats the hell out of Miley at VMA after party " " "
neutral	" kris bryant is 11th in WAR for ALL offensive players , but please , tell me more about how matt duffy should be rookie of the year . #cubs "
neutral	September 23rd last day at Dunkin ... September 27th I 'm out of SW Wisconsin ..
neutral	UHHHH ok ... So instead of Frank Ocean headlining Saturday at FYF it 's going to be Kanye West WTF
neutral	" @USER Paul McCartney may have sung about Jet , but my vote 's for Tails . "
positive	Straight outta Compton was so live the fact that they had Ice Cube actually rehearsing his lines for Friday ..
neutral	" The name Friday comes from Freya , the goddess of love and fertility . Freya had two black cats who were a gift from Thor , god of Thunder . "
positive	Probably going to stream tomorrow when the servers come up . I 'll be playing KPop and stuff so if you 're interested in stopping by ... !
neutral	I want to watch Paper Towns on Thursday but I seriously have no one to go with . #loner #foreverloner
neutral	Too distracted by the Friday Night Lights theme song to pay attention to the Frank Gifford tribute .
positive	goodnight I 'm super tired and I 'm going whale watching tomorrow so I 'm gonna get some rest ok have a great night Shawn loves you so much
positive	Hm . Maybe to make up for such a short stream today I 'll stream through all of Dark Souls on Monday ..
neutral	TONIGHT : Brock Lesnar returns to Monday Night #RAW for the first time since his brawl with The Undertaker . #RAWPreShow
positive	If anyone wants to take me to see Jason Aldean tomorrow for my bday you 'll be my bffl :-)
positive	" As jealous as I am , I can't wait to see my sisters reaction when she opens the justin bieber tickets she 's getting tomorrow "
positive	Toronto Blue Jays vs the Texas Rangers . David Price starting pitcher for the Jays on his 30th birthday . #GoJaysGo HTTPURL
negative	@USER no less ridiculous than ANY of the THOR movies by Marvel . Or Melinda May beating up any guy on Agents of SHIELD
neutral	@USER whenever you get a moment tomorrow ( Friday ) please give me a call at 250-562-6701 . Profiling the candidates for Prince George .
positive	good stream tonight will be back with more Mad Max tomorrow ... I want a PS4 so I can play Until Dawn fackkkk see you tomorrow !
positive	Best of luck @USER on 4th rd @USER vs Murray ! Wish I was there to cheer you on . Go Illini !
neutral	" RIP , Former NFL Star and AMAZING Monday Night Football Commentator Frank Gifford . THANKS for the Memories . "
negative	@USER Just leaves me in tears - Charlie Hebdo was just in January . This is insane .
negative	" Assault on Academic Freedom ? UCLA Conference Blames Israel : In October , the University of California , Riversid ... HTTPURL "
positive	" We 're on our way to Hoover , AL for SEC Media Days tomorrow , but tonight , we 'll be cheering on @USER in the Miss USA pageant ! "
neutral	@USER - Yep . Believe the Indians are in the 10th slot ( lost today ) and the White Sox are 11th ( losing ) . Tigers 12th .
positive	From beating Sampdoria 2-0 to this . C'mon Milan get it together already . #FrosinoneMilan
neutral	" If the rumours I 'm hearing are true , this next batch of NXT hires may actually be better than the " " NXT Kliq " " ( Owens , Balor , Itami , Zayn , Neville ) "
positive	" Great result for the Romans res yesterday winning 6-2 @USER res goals Roome 4 , Kendrick & Elay who are 3rd in the table #youngromans "
positive	@USER no im going this september 3rd to watch zac brown band
neutral	" I was in the paper Sunday . cuz of that I 've had Dr.Hook ' s Rolling Stone in my head . They asked me my claim to fame , I say opening for bobcat "
neutral	What Happened After Monday & #8217 ; s RAW with Brock Lesnar ? HTTPURL
positive	Dunkin is the most important one so go there first HTTPURL
neutral	Charlie Hebdo no 1178 HTTPURL #twitterstorm #mohammedcartoons monday 20:00 centraleuropeanTime HASHTAG #PARIS Just do it
neutral	For those of you who may not know you can play the Iron Maiden ' Speed of Light ' game on their website HTTPURL enjoy !
positive	" @USER @USER Omg ! I can't wait Calibraska is coming out tomorrow . I can't wait , to get it . "
neutral	anyone has a solo dm with Zayn bc i dont have one yet since march :( ugh pleaseee : - - ( just one solo dm ... ill give u 1 liam solo dm :)
neutral	@USER : The U . S . says the Boko Haram sect in north-east Nigeria may have benefitted from money gotten from crude oil theft .
neutral	Shawn probably rted Obama hoping if he showed his American love he would n't have to do school work tomorrow
positive	" Yoga , the sunrise and a nice long run easy Sunday morning "
neutral	" David Price 's 6th K of the night , his first called , ends the Clevelands ' 5th inning . He 's seen 2 above the minimum . #bluejays trail 1-0 . "
negative	" #dw_english Kim Davis , gay marriage , and the death of Christian privilege in America : Arrested for denying mar ... HTTPURL "
positive	I plan to see the Fantastic 4 movie Tuesday . I went to see Age of Ultron and Ant-Man the Thursday night before .
positive	: Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday ( Audio ) HTTPURL via @USER best rapper in the game
neutral	" Michael Brantley launches his 13th home run of the season . In the 8th , it 's 7-3 White Sox . #tribemania #tribelive HTTPURL "
positive	I 'm going to see the Bad Education movie tonight and Paper Towns tomorrow Much excite ^ . ^
positive	" Did someone say Christmas in July ? ! Go Set a Watchman comes out TODAY ! Oh , and I 'm busy for the rest of today . No reason . #booknerd "
positive	Pretty sure Kane will interfere on Sunday in the Taker / Lesnar match and Taker wins then they have a rubber match and Les nar wins .
positive	Watching Monday Night Football with Don Meredith - Howard Cosell and Frank Gifford was the best sportscasting of all time .
negative	Talk about illuminati ! Kanye West for president ? Please tell me we find out it was a PR stunt tomorrow ..
neutral	Our setup for the very 1st series of Big Brother when @USER & @USER were in charge ! #ThrowbackThursday HTTPURL
positive	Chris Evans takes the steering wheel when Top Gear races back to BBC Two in May : HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	Just take me back to Saturday when Jason aldean sang big green tractor because I fucking love that song and it was 17373X ' s better live
neutral	@USER no voting ends on the 25th hun Please listen to my new single HTTPURL #MTVStars Lady Gaga
negative	" Christians grandparents leave to Rome this Sunday , like what the hell "
positive	" Zac Brown Band , Mexico & You : Want to hit the beach for four sun-drenched days in Mexico featuring the Zac Bro ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Red Sox have the 3rd highest average attendance in the AL , and that 's with the smallest ballpark . Only behind LAA and NYY "
neutral	Classic Rock Radio ( Dot CO Dot UK ) 31 July 2015 Paul McCartney Reissues From the Paul McCartney newsletter I ... HTTPURL
neutral	selling one Jason Aldean ticket for Saturday at blossom let me know if you need it !
neutral	" Retweeted Iron Maiden ( @USER ): Alright , it 's the last #wEDnesday before #TheBookOfSouls is released so ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" WOW Mike Why do n't you talk to our great friends and allies Saudi Arabia , about where terrorists get their ideology . HTTPURL "
positive	" I 'm very sure it is Briana , but I do not see tattoos Louis . I may not be able to defend if it 's true . Sympathy so much . #OhNoBriana "
positive	" @USER Rahul Gandhi is doing a march to airport to welcome the new tolerant , friendly and peaceful face of Congress Mr . Khurshid . "
neutral	Some say Gov . John Kasich won Thursday 's GOP debate . See our analysis and vote for the night 's top performer : HTTPURL
negative	" Islam , please take your fictional , murderous , nonsense , and poke it where the sun do n't shine ! We the people , are n't interested in bullshit ! "
neutral	Rousey 's next fight is January 2nd so I guess I better reserve 30 seconds of my time on that day to watch it .
positive	" Friday , December 18 will also be Star Wars Day on @USER ' s Politics Hour . Guests will be encouraged to join the show in costume . "
positive	@USER happy birthday Deb ! May the year ahead bless you with health and happiness for you and your family . Hope Milan is sensational ! Xxx
neutral	I bet Niall wishes he could see Serena and Venus play each other tomorrow . - A
neutral	David Wright is back and leading off in the 2nd inning ! HTTPURL
negative	Also ... is it just a teeny bit gay that they want to spend their friday night wanking on a biscuit together ?
neutral	" Regarding Brock Lesnar returning to the ring at WWE 's October 3rd Madison Square Garden live event , which will air on the WWE @USER "
neutral	The evil empire is throwing the annual Iron Maiden this saturday . Lets show them what we have been up to . Fresh ... HTTPURL
neutral	UofL Volleyball Player @USER tomorrow night as she competes in the Miss USA Pageant . HTTPURL
neutral	Hulk Hogan 's team calls leak of rant a low blow : Hulk Hogan 's legal team in its lawsuit against Gawker says the website may have leak ...
positive	Felt privileged to play Foo Fighters songs on guitar today with one of the plectrums from the gig on Saturday .
neutral	" unnecessarily censored the end of a Hulk Hogan promo and much much more . Monday , at 9:05 EST . Do n't miss it . ( 2/2 ) "
positive	" U2 - concert in the park .. Long week , chillin ' with the family . 10th grade flashback . HTTPURL "
positive	" My favorite books about dystopia and fantasy are Harry Potter , Beautiful Creatures , Hunger Games , Twilight , Eragon , 5th Wave , Percy Jackson . "
neutral	Sharknado wipes out congress and the Washington Monument and gives the white house a new sun roof .
neutral	Remember you have to contribute in this calendar year . It 's not like an IRA where you have until April 15th . #529 HTTPURL
negative	If you think Nicki 's ass is more than 1/8 th real you are fuuucked
neutral	6th vid on IG . Tell me what do you think . @USER Bad Blood - Taylor Swift HTTPURL
negative	@USER I personally think the IRA was political - injustice against Catholics may 've been the motivating force . Islamists mad dogs .
positive	Want a chance to win 2 tickets for Jason Aldean 's Burning It Down tour on September 11th at First Niagara ? Stop in tonight !
neutral	Real Madrid will wear the pink kits for the first time on July 30 against Roma .
positive	David Price pitches today . A 12th straight win would set the mark for the longest win streak this season & set a Blue Jays franchise record
positive	" On December 19th I came over to your house , we put on Twilight and slept together on your couch . slept slept , no sex . it was lovely . "
neutral	" 1,001 , 940 people could have seen ' Muslims in Nepal ' since its 1st mention until it became a Trending Topic . #trndnl "
neutral	I need someone to see Jason Aldean with tomorrow . aha
negative	@USER this may be the stupidest season of Big Brother yet . Everyone can see what 's going to happen ! No one has balls ! #makeamove
neutral	Just read an article claiming Saudi Arabia mistook Saturn as the moon of Eid-ul Fitr . Apparently Eid was supposed to be on Saturday .
positive	Josh Hamilton hits an RBI Double to give the Rangers a 4-2 lead in the 4th ! ! #Game106
positive	I get to see the love of my life for the 4th time omgjsjsnznz NIALL
positive	" Sunday talk shows rush to find Carol Loomis ' number HTTPURL RT : @USER " " Carly Fiorina is climbing . Now in the top ten " " "
neutral	" Every game with Curtis as caretaker manager has a growing opportunity cost . Jenkins may be acting diligently , but it 's not reflecting well . "
positive	" May your life be filled with love , joy , laughter , warmth , happiness and a bouquet of Eid wishes now and forever . Happy Eid ul Fitr ! "
positive	Happy 2nd birthday to Prince George . I can't believe that it 's 2 years since I was glued to the TV awaiting the announcement !
neutral	" Sipp is facing Josh Hamilton with two on , two out in the 5th . "
negative	" @USER hey can not figure out the time of M & G on January 12 in Milan , me you might say ? I am panicking ! See me thanks x "
positive	Paul McCartney did not disappoint the 4th time . #Legendofmusic HTTPURL
neutral	#chicagocubs #chicago #cubs #mlb Kris Bryant in lineup after leaving Sunday 's game with dizziness HTTPURL
neutral	Price for Moto G 2nd edition already came down from 12999 to 9999 in the last one year . Further fall is expected .
positive	3rd bsmn @USER 0 - for - 10 since recall by the Angels . He could get his 1st big-league hit against David Price tonight #Angels #BlueJays
positive	Happy 2nd Birthday #PrinceGeorge . Have you got our Prince George badge yet ? Give us a call and order your pack today . HTTPURL
neutral	. @USER I 'm going to start an account where I tweet every direct and indirect U2 reference you preach . I 'll post 1-2 times every Sun
positive	" Janet Jackson - " " No Sleeep " " Feat . J . Cole can't wait to see this live #unbreakabletour October 25th where are you ? HTTPURL "
neutral	Real Madrid 3rd kits 2015/16 New New want one ? ? HTTPURL
neutral	Rousey still going to KO her in the 2nd round HTTPURL
neutral	Sunday Oliseh reacts to Super Eagles goallessdraw with Tanzania HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	New poll places Kasich 10th in GOP field : Ohio Gov . John Kasich narrowly made the top ten among Republican pre ... HTTPURL
positive	" Paper Towns is out here next Monday , I need someone to go watch it with ! "
positive	" Vintage TFI Friday @USER Great silliness + Lionel Ritchie , Maltesers , Chris Evans at his best #love it "
neutral	By the way - Who do YOU want to see Brock Lesnar face LIVE at MADISON SQUARE GARDEN on October 3rd LIVE on the #WWENetwork ? #WWE #Raw
positive	Nirvana on the raido . Nice start to friday .
neutral	Soooo apparently we are tent camping after the Foo Fighters concert tomorrow night ... Instead of bar hopping and sleeping in a hotel ...
positive	I loved U2 last album the song sleep like a baby tonight was my favorite HTTPURL
negative	" you may call me a bad fan but I sobbed so hard tonight because Zayn was n't there . Everytime they sang his part , my heart broke "
neutral	I think I just won tickets to see Jason Aldean on Saturday at MetLife stadium ? ? ?
neutral	" , . EXCLUSIVE.United targeting Anderson and Kane on deadline day but Sources reveal united may not risk flashing out big deals on deadline "
neutral	@USER @USER Sir has already declared it on 17 July that JKD would be on 20 july as yesterday it was 3rd of EID .
positive	C'mon man . They can do better than this . Give me the Foo Fighters . HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER yet you dont focus on issues of the 1st amendment . You drag out every thing you can bash about Christians .
neutral	" Well I guess " " Unity " " and " " Peace " " in Muslims is a " " sensitive " " topic for people with Takfiri mindset ... May Allah cure your heart ! Ameen ! "
neutral	Did i mention i 'm going to see Foo Fighters tomorrow ?
negative	Watched Paper Towns on Saturday and I 'm still very disappointed with the movie
positive	" Selena Gomez , Amy Schumer Get Cuddly on the Red Carpet : See the Cuteness Here ! : HTTPURL #Videos #May "
neutral	" If you like , pull a Frank Ocean . Tire plenty for Ojuelegba . HTTPURL "
neutral	NonStop #music for you ! now : U2 - Sunday Bloody Sunday it 's #Holland #International at HTTPURL
neutral	" It may just be me focusing on the losses , but Murray 's tie-break record seems shite in my head , in big games at least . "
neutral	Nice 2c @USER safely in the UK & able to report her 1st hand knowledge of Saudi Arabia 's war attrocities in #Yemen & UK 's role in it .
negative	What even is Kanye west and who gave him a mic ? I 'll probs wake up tomorrow and he 'll still be talking
positive	A great point that . 1 closer to safety . A 3rd clean sheet under Curtis . 2 points above bottom 3 . Delighted ! 8 changes to the team
positive	" College game day , free pizza , and Christina Perri and Ed Sheeran tonight . Happy Saturday , lovelies ! "
positive	" I may not be a lot of things , but I can write songs and I can sing . Lady Gaga just showed the world that she fucking owns herself . Yes . "
neutral	This may be the closest we 'll ever come to seeing Brock Lesnar take on @USER #RAW
neutral	A message from Lady Gaga to the Senate Sept 16 2010 my new single HTTPURL #MTVStarOf2015 Lady Gaga HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Hi there . Im here on behalf of Ira . May I know if you 're referring to SUPERSURF 200 ? Please be aware tha ... HTTPURL
positive	It is dedicated to Lady Gaga HTTPURL Some kids with appendicitis may not need surgery HTTPURL
neutral	Sweden 's David Lingmerth is the big mover of the late starters at the #USPGA . Can he beat Dustin Johnson 's - 6 ? HTTPURL
neutral	" Yes , the #refugeecrisis is complicated on many levels . But for Christians , this is an article well worth reading . HTTPURL "
neutral	Hey remember when Tony Blair took part in the baptism of one of Murdoch 's children on the banks of the Jordan HTTPURL
neutral	shawn is coming tomorrow guess whos not going :(
positive	Nailed it ! BOOYAH ! Greatest MNF Memory Earl Campbell 199 yds 4 TD 's and the 81 TD Run ! I was 9 ! Frank Gifford RIP ! HTTPURL
negative	George Osborne orders Gov departments to draw up plans for a further 40 % of cuts by September - the man is gone mad . HTTPURL
positive	can we talk about the fact that I have an Ed Sheeran concert next Saturday and me & my sister sit in seat 9 & 10 in the 8th row of section 1
positive	" What a pitch by #bluejays David Price , striking out Texteira unscathed with #Yankees on 1st & 3rd #jays #cometogether "
neutral	Manchester United and Real Madrid will attempt to revive David de Gea 's move to the Bernabeu on Tuesday after the ... HTTPURL
negative	" When you 're as bad at campaigns as Scott Walker , you should just give up HTTPURL HTTPURL "
negative	" Boko Haram are so evil . Even on this sacred day for all muslims , they are carrying out bombings . May the hottest part in hell be for them "
positive	It 's National Ice Cream Day see you tomorrow Instagram .
positive	Anyone wanna get Dunkin together tomorrow morning and just chat ? ? ?
neutral	if my mom goes t the U . S . open tomorrow without me and Niall is there I will end myself so fast
negative	If the weeknd does n't clear up the rumors about him disliking black women tomorrow I might have to pull a kayne on him then pull a Nicki
neutral	" @USER since everyone has made the comparison , I think Dean Ambrose should wear a Hot Rod shirt on Monday Night Raw @USER "
neutral	" @USER + did n't know Niall , Liam , and Louis were there at all . But it came to that Saturday night when Sam Smith performed that + "
positive	Soooooo who 's coming to see Zac Brown Band with me in Toronto Sept . 4th ...
positive	" Our new #woodfire oven ready in the veggie patch #sunday roasts , twilight dinners HTTPURL "
negative	Israeli occupation forces clash with Christians after Sunday mass HTTPURL
positive	May we remind folks National Hot Dog Day is coming up on July 23rd - blowout specials that day ! #foodporn #nomnom HTTPURL
neutral	" If you like rap and do n't like Kendrick 's " " Black Friday " " , news flash : you do n't really like rap "
positive	Tom Brady is gonna come back w / a vengeance like Bruce Willis in the 3rd Die Hard
negative	@USER only because Iron Maiden sat across from us kept looking at me like he wanted to kill me with his awful bare hands .
neutral	Who wants to go with me to get my tattoo tomorrow ? I 'll buy you Dunkin doughnuts
positive	@USER will be performing tomorrow ! ! I just can't wait ! ! Are you excited too Angels ? KPOP is in the house Welcome to India @USER <3
neutral	Did not participate in National Hot Dog Day today ... I celebrate my personal favorite national food day next Wednesday ... look it up .
neutral	" on the other hand , i 'm 1/7 th of the way done with naruto 's manga "
neutral	" George Osborne writing in the Guardian . Not surprisingly , comments have been closed but funny none the less . HTTPURL "
positive	@USER @USER I 've been a fan for 4 years now . KPOP is kinda different from what you may be used to . T-ARA is my FAVE group !
negative	" Because seriously , who the * * * is Chris Evans ? Virtually world famous in all of England . Real stars like Sabine may save that show but ... "
negative	" David Cameron , George Osborne , Theresa May work with Rupert Murdoch and #NSA #GCHQ to blackmail EVERYONE . Let 's prosecute these gangsters . "
neutral	@USER I do n't want war . I 'm ready to sign a peace agreement tomorrow between Lebanon and Israel . BUT If Lebanon will open a war > >
neutral	Gucci variety her self-reliance april cultivate the bipartite yours typical inward conglomeration so that crac ...
positive	Yes I want to win #FreeTixFridays to see David Price & the #BlueJays play Cleveland Monday in #Toronto ! @USER #tickets #ComeTOgether
positive	@USER Cheers . Being told the Moto G ( 2nd gen ) is a good bet too . Similar specs . Will be down to OS I think . Many thanks :-)
positive	New Iron Maiden album being delivered to my work tomorrow . Bet your ass im gonna annoy the interns with that shit :D
neutral	@USER Kane may well get so disillusioned with lack of signings that he slaps in a transfer request . That would be interesting !
positive	Heads up Prince George 's CC ( @USER ) ! Get involved with #ItsOnUs TODAY ! HTTPURL
positive	" First day of open hitting is Monday ! ... check out the new facility and get some swings in from 3-4 @USER The Dugout ( 35595 Curtis , Eastlake ) "
neutral	N . A . N . M . K . @USER Pretty Katy Perry Images . You may want to check : HTTPURL
neutral	" Well , guess who 's probably NOT gonna be the 6th man ? Randy Orton . #RawBaltimore #RAW "
neutral	" On this day in August 17 , 2012 ~ #SmackDown : Daniel Bryan vs . Randy Orton HTTPURL "
positive	Janet Jackson led the stars who gave special tribute for Aaliyah 's 14th death anniversary on Tuesday . Read more ... HTTPURL
positive	" Paper Towns is finally released into our cinema tomorrow , will you be coming to see it ? Book : HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	" i love the gaul of george osborne writing an article for the guardian , grinning , giggling , dressed in a full suit on a sunday night "
positive	I hope tomorrow is a better effing day ! Drift nirvana better be lit
positive	" Do n't have plans for National Ice Cream Day this Sunday ? Well , now you do ! Come celebrate by getting a Dole Whip ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Josh Hamilton the best 1st pitch player in baseball gets a slow hanging curveball down the middle & just looks at it . Lol
negative	What works for Kim Kardashian may not work the same way for you girls ! #Facts
positive	When the radiostation you work at constantly talks about the U2 gig tonight and YOU DEFO CANT WAIT UNTIL TOMORROW DAMNIT
neutral	May you fly on Eagles wings Frank Gifford . RIP
positive	National hot dog day is tomorrow . Now is your chance to grab a weiner for only $ 1 . And we all know everyone loves cheap weiners .
negative	" Ant-Man tomorrow . Looking forward to it , but some asshole ruined it for me . "
neutral	Boko Haram May Resume Talks With FG - SOURCES close to the leadership of the Boko Haram insurgents have ... HTTPURL #News
neutral	#BlueJays score 4 in 10th beat Red Sox 5-1 HTTPURL Turn your photo into a baseball card on the iPhone : HTTPURL
neutral	" Lol . You can still watch , Nicki asked Miley what 's good and called her a bitch ( most interesting part of the show ) HTTPURL "
neutral	Sunday yoga at Family Tree ... 8: 30 am - Healing Yoga with Karen in the Kula room 9:00 am - Barkan with Mel in ... HTTPURL
negative	Caitlyn Jenner may face vehicular manslaughter charges . Only three months as a woman and already she can't fucking drive .
negative	" and yes I know his tweet wad from the Charlie Hebdo attacks . Do n't tweet at me and say " " that 's from January " " "
neutral	@USER Football Our desire for quick fix results is to blame . Give me the Real Madrid shirt .
negative	Forgot it was Friday . Wearing Tom Brady jersey on Microsoft campus . Actually going to be murdered .
positive	" @USER comin to the WWE show Nov 5th.could you sign my new Seth Rollins tshirt , if not I 'll get @USER on you ! #thefuture "
negative	Anyone who has talked wrestling with me knows how much I hate Brock Lesnar . Seeing him at RAW on monday will be literal hell .
neutral	" If Saturday was anything to go by , #thfc 's issue isnt creating chances but the conversion of those chances . Kane needs support & competition "
neutral	ISIS is mercenary contractor originally based in Arizona.Has nothing to do with Israel except they may hire some HTTPURL
neutral	Crazy Saturday at British Open Ends Where It Began with Dustin Johnson on Top | Bleacher Report
neutral	" #Chicago #News Monday 's recap : Cubs 9 , Rockies 8: Kris Bryant hit a two-run home run with two out in the botto ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER agreed , but i have a salary account and you may reconsider it , how much it could be left after EID "
neutral	" Alessandro Matri , loaned out by Milan for the 7th time , joins @USER on loan HTTPURL "
neutral	Gucci bags subliminal possession april balloon the dual yours individualistic into confederacy as far as no sl ...
negative	Reports : Boko Haram killed 841 civilians since 29 May : Kano and Kaduna states located in the North-West record ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER If Milan will reach final Copa Italia , but they lost against e . g . Juventus , if Juventus in the league their position 3rd . 1/2 "
neutral	It may be kejriwal n Rahul Gandhi feeling too cold that 's y no new drama but they will make their come back soon HTTPURL
positive	" @USER Blessed Friday to all of us the Muslims , May Allah forgive us about the mistakes we 've done "
positive	Just want @USER to do ET by Katy Perry for one freestyle Friday #OnlyADream
positive	@USER G'Evening 2 the Savvy Gorgeous Author #May ur life strive of affluent nirvana #Sagacious_Sass HTTPURL
positive	@USER im going to Sam smith ! ! ! Thurs or Fri ? !
negative	" @USER Holande asked for it.refused to see threat in JAN re CHARLIE HEBDO , even castigate the cartoonists "
positive	" Kendrick and Abel cleaning up Grammy nominations , new office with dope views , and new Latrell music on the way ... big Monday "
neutral	tomorrow it 's Summerslam and I 'm ready for the show down between Brock lesnar and the undertaken
negative	I 'm not entirely sure how I went from a crummy Sam Smith visual gag to aching existentialism but sudden Sun Kil Moon will do that to you
neutral	" On 8 May , Saudi Arabia announced a five-day ceasefire set to start on 12 May , following heavy pressure from the US . #World "
neutral	@USER @USER Watchout @USER may call you vampire . But then Rly Minister is BJP and not Yakub & she will let pass
neutral	@USER issuing notices to channels fr cntent arnd Yakub 's hangng that yr govt may not agree with is unjustified HTTPURL
neutral	Sam Smith is going to be in Austin tomorrow and I 'm going to be in San Marcos ! Why ? ! ? I wanted to see him so bad ! ! :'(
neutral	" @USER Hi Julie ! I was wondering if I may have your email , I would like to ask you something privately , it has to do with Big brother . "
positive	Go and check out Calibraska ! ! ( Warning : may or may not burn down your house from how fire it is . ) #CalibraskaEP HTTPURL
negative	if i sat beside niall i would be so annoyed bc he looks like he chews his gum annoyingly loud HTTPURL
positive	Common sense is n't common among the cult members . #QadianiCult #AhmadiyyaCult May Allah guide them and keep us steadfast in Islam . Amen .
negative	" On and on it goes . Guardian : ' Jeremy Corbyn poses national security threat , says George Osborne ' HTTPURL "
neutral	For some reason I always thought National Hot Dog Day was on the 4th of July . #learnsomethingneweveryday
negative	" Regardless of how " " courageous " " Caitlyn Jenner may be he still makes an ugly ass women lol "
positive	8 for Dustin Johnson at the 1st . Playing my kind of golf .
neutral	@USER You called it . The first 15 minutes of the 2nd half in any Milan and Verona game is crucial and is again !
positive	Monday is our Free Day of Yoga . Each year we serve our community with three free days of no charge for classes ... HTTPURL
positive	Louis was so cute when he was sat next to Niall at the last concert and he kept making him laugh and was all giggly with him
neutral	#News #Boston Miley-stone Lefty logs 1st complete game : Wade Miley made his way back to the Red Sox dugout aft ... HTTPURL
positive	I 've got Aldo winning by TKO in the 3rd round but if it goes to the judges McGregor wins cause you know he 's Dana White 's golden boy #UFC194
neutral	" Niall wants to dm me but just has n't . Niall , YESTERDAY U SAID TOMORROW SO JUSTT DO ITT dm ;) "
negative	So Adams & McGuinness feel obliged to defend Slab to keep the IRA men onside . Shudder to think of the obligations they may have if in power
negative	" Worse ! Yakub was the polished thinktank CEO , Tiger was the roughneck shop-floor-Foreman of this evil-enterprise ! HTTPURL "
positive	Tune in on September 12th it 's going to be a night of great fights Floyd Mayweather #HighStakes HTTPURL
neutral	" Will be opening TFI Friday tonight ( live @USER . 30 on 4 ) . on a tandem bike with Chris evans , making motorbike noises on trombone . "
neutral	" The raw beauty of Ghosts of the Great Highway and April is so much better than " " Milk , a dozen eggs , cat food / I saw Nirvana on TV in 1992 " " "
neutral	White Sox : 10th walk-off win of season is 2nd - most in MLB ( Cubs with 12 entering Sunday )
neutral	Overworked Chris Evans quits TFI Friday on account of Prime Gear commitments amid claims the ...
positive	Surprised to discover this morning that the Bee Gees are actually a good antidote to M HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	@USER my flight DL418 to Milan just returned to JFK due to a mechanical issue . What are my options for getting to Milan by tomorrow ?
negative	@USER @USER @USER @USER or is she hoping that that gay man needs to be available to be her 5th husband .
positive	Thirsty Thursday ! Get on in here and see Curtis ! Also tonight 9:00 the VooDoo Daddy 's ! Should be fun !
positive	Ca n't wait until April 4th . Red Sox opening day at Cleveland . April 11th they open at home versus Baltimore . #RedSox
neutral	On this day in 2001 we lost George Harrison . November 29th 2001 . #GeorgeHarrison #WhileMyGuitarGentlyWeeps HTTPURL
neutral	Kasich seeking GOP presidential nomination : John Kasich announced his run for the White House in 2016 Tuesday ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER I agree with you , because Kane is much cheaper and Bale though a fee is agreeable , he may not want to come . "
neutral	" ... Chris Gough with SIYS ... Sharknado director , Anthony C . Ferrante ( " " Sharknado 3 : Oh Hell No ! " " debuted Wed / re-airs tomorrow 6pm on SyFy ) ... "
neutral	Did anyone tell Dustin Johnson that it was only the 3rd round today ?
neutral	FINAL SUP YOGA EVENT Thursday September 10 starting at 10am Let the river 's flow move us along the St . Croix as ... HTTPURL
neutral	At least in the Streaming sense - me thinks ... I may then do PS4 recorded sessions ... Perhaps even edit them ...
neutral	the cool billionaire are freebasing while basejumping tomorrow . fools . i 'll be in listening to john kasich talk about tariffs in iowa
neutral	" Want to go the cinema on my day off tomorrow , but Inside Out or Ant-Man ? Will IO be full of kids ? So torn right now . "
neutral	Dustin Johnson has had the lead in the 1st round in the last 3 majors . He continues to be the pick as the best player who has n't won a major
positive	when you gotta wake up early tomorrow to go to Atlantic City but you know you 're getting Dunkin so you just chillen
neutral	#Unbreakable will mark the 1st time Janet Jackson has opened up about her brother Michael Jackson HTTPURL
neutral	" Here 's the line-up for Thursday : John Kasich Is In , Rick Perry Is Out in First Republican Debate HTTPURL #InTheCLE "
positive	" So , out on Friday @USER listens to Nevermind by Nirvana the first time . What could possibly go wrong HTTPURL "
positive	And what a lovely surprise it was to hear Big Brother on this track . Happy Friday y'all . HTTPURL
negative	" That Muslims flock from around the world to join ISIS is not surprising . We may not consider their actions great , but they assuredly do . "
neutral	" Daaaaang it , I have to sleep . More Naruto tomorrow . "
neutral	@USER He is an advanced college guy but even Kris Bryant did n't see the bigs til his 3rd pro season . Zimmer is great but no Bryant .
positive	Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day ! How are you going to spend it ? #bloggerperks #igotitfree HTTPURL
positive	The 1975 may as well just call it a David Bowie cover
neutral	" Rome , Milan clamp down on cars as smog smothers Italy : Cars were banished Monday from the streets of Milan whi ... HTTPURL "
negative	Jason Aldean is September 4th and I have nobody to go with . Guess I wo n't go
negative	if John goes home in the double eviction tomorrow this will officially be the worst season in Big Brother history
neutral	Toujours #Mozart festival comes to Israel for the 1st time in 17 years - HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Anyone want a ticket to Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean Friday night ?
neutral	" On this day in WWE History - July 27 , 2003 ( Vengeance ) Kurt Angle defeated Brock Lesnar ( c ) And Big Show in a ... HTTPURL "
positive	The two days I 'm looking forward to the most : tomorrow aka Star Wars Day and Friday of course . :)
neutral	" To keep up my career self-sabotage , instead of reading I might just sing Scott Walker 's weirder songs a cappella tomorrow at @USER . "
neutral	" @USER @USER Also , I want to exploit this convo and say that I 'll be writing about U2 ' s catalog for @USER in September / October . "
neutral	Briana and Matt taking some time out for a quick cuddle in Fitzroy on Saturday . These streets are not only the ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Friday night lights lol . It 's a bit gay at times but I rate it
negative	" And even Rolling Stone is reporting on this crisis : " " America 's vanishing bees may be the " " canary in the coal ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Thats the David Wright I know at 3rd bbase
neutral	Naruto 's son has alot to live up to ... he 's the son of the 7th hokage and grandson of the 4th hokage
neutral	" I 'm going to Milan tomorrow , jen can you come out from nowhere let 's meet x "
neutral	@USER it 'll be all good when I see who the killer or killers are in Until Dawn . Still may get PS4 in Nov for Fallout 4 . Want so bad
negative	" Sad i cant make gucci 's party sat , and oskur would have made a friend with his lonely ass . "
neutral	" White Sox take the lead , Mariners 0 , White Sox 1 Bottom 1st HTTPURL "
neutral	do n't judge if you see me in yoga pants tomorrow
neutral	" Hi im Kate , on the 4th pic she 's my internet besfriend , i want to live in Niall 's ass so i can go w him pay golf HTTPURL "
neutral	" Yoenis Cespedes gets on with a fielder 's choice , but is stranded as David Wright strikes out . #Mets 6 #Phillies 5 middle of 9th inning . "
neutral	" You may have the key to your girlfriend 's heart , but Chuck Norris has the key to her back door . "
neutral	All the Young Dudes - David Bowie - Ian Hunter - Brian May - Queen - Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert HTTPURL
neutral	@USER That picture - was a gathering after the Charlie Hebdo attacks from January .
neutral	" @USER That photo was taken on January 7th of this year , shortly after the attack on Charlie Hebdo . Do n't spread misinformation . "
neutral	" I may , however , decide to tweet about Big Brother using a different account . Depends , really . "
neutral	" Tom Brady can finally live a little . On Monday , he sat through one last court hearing in Manhattan to decide the fate of his Deflategate "
negative	I have a 5:30 shift tomorrow ; it 's my first back at Dunkin . and I can not sleep . and I 'm feeling a little sick . great .
neutral	" Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh disclosed that the Super Eagles ' goalless draw against Tanzania in Dar es ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I have class at 930AM tomorrow and there 's 25 of us going to the Red Sox game tonight ...
positive	" @USER hoping to see Ant-Man tomorrow night at the Everyman in Reigate ... Apparently it 's been refurbished and is pretty good , "
positive	Really hope Dustin Johnson pulls it out the bag tomorrow and ties up #TheOpen #Adidas #AdidasGolf
neutral	#Indians just never got chance for a #Rays style rebuild where they could take a Longria 3rd or a David Price 1st overall .
positive	" @USER Niall loves you very much and you can see how much he loves you . Dont think that ! Every time you @USER him , he may see it :) "
positive	" Hey guys ! We 'll be closed tomorrow ( 27th ) . D'Wan has been blessed with a ticket to the Foo Fighters concert , so ... HTTPURL "
negative	Not about Brady . 2nd time cheating w / no punishment ! Tom Brady : ' I Am Sorry Our League Had to Endure ' ' Deflategate ' HTTPURL
negative	@USER and barely any news about it . Here is what they did little media coverage compared to Charlie Hebdo HTTPURL
positive	" On Friday 4 , ' Digital Nirvana with Croma ' was Trending Topic in Delhi for 5 hours : HTTPURL #trndnl "
negative	" Shit is not just fair , but why TF should I care ? ~ Kendrick Lamar on ( black Friday ) .. On the beat of J Cole 's " " a tale of two cities " " "
positive	Who 's ready for Iron Maiden day tomorrow @USER . Maidens The Book of souls album is unleashed . HTTPURL
negative	" C'mon , @USER ! Rahul Gandhi has decimated the Congress , but you 're still in the party #SoniaRahulHazirHo HTTPURL "
positive	Ca n't wait for Paper Towns and Nandos on Thursday with the lasses :) should shine some light over our results :) ) )
neutral	" Kendrick 's Black Friday goes so fucking hard , and over Cole 's beat just makes it better . "
neutral	Ending our Thursday we have one from High Civilization ... Bee Gees with Secret Love HTTPURL
neutral	" Cena may be gone from the arena , but u know someone 's gonna runin this ceremony ; but who , Kane ? Sting ? Someone new ? WHO IS IT ? @USER #RAW "
negative	@USER why no Moto G ( 3rd Gen ) review in your channel ? waiting for the review :(
positive	@USER Ofcourse ! Looking forward to Murray 's 4th round game against the big-serving Anderson . A potential 5 - setter . #usopen #nightshift
neutral	My latest reaction to The Undertaker return and how Monday Night #RAW went down with him and Brock Lesnar HTTPURL #WWE
negative	The language may be different but Kpop 's genres with western musics are just the same . Stop acting like it 's from outer space .
positive	man tomorrow if my parents surprise me with justin bieber tickets I 'll have a heart attack
positive	Thank you Experience Perth for sharing #Chittering Markets - Chittering Valley Twilight Markets on Saturday 12th ... HTTPURL
neutral	will try to watch Brave first then will deal with AHS while sulking over Go Set a Watchman tomorrow
positive	" @USER @USER it worked well for the IRA too , you would think the English may have learnt something by now "
positive	" Me and @USER did a Popptartvision based Big Brother simulation and Kaliopi won , this proves she 's queen of everything . Esma got 2nd . "
positive	Thursday is NATIONAL HOT DOG DAY ! Our excitement is beyond words ! ! ! Come celebrate with us tomorrow !
neutral	" Tom Brady has started 13 straight opening games , tied for 4th - longest streak by QB . It looks as if it will continue . HTTPURL "
neutral	Be the first one to grab Moto G 3rd Gen . Visit #PAYBACKbeforeFlipkart to earn Points . Shop now HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" I hope I never forget about Frank Ocean 's verse on " " Sunday " " "
positive	" I 'll use a more recent example . When was the last time you got excited about a " " new Ice Cube record ? " " By most standards he may be top 25 OAT "
positive	Saudi Arabia said on Sunday that at least two women were elected to public office in the conservative Islamic kingdom after winning seats
neutral	Stopped at Dunkin and got a spot on the 3rd floor ? #itsgonnabeagoodday
positive	" Have n't played ball in a while , definitely gotta go Ice Cube on a good day tomorrow at the gym . "
neutral	Dana White might cut Holly Holm from the UFC tomorrow #UFC193
positive	Best birthday present ever ! Im going to see Ed Sheeran this Thursday #EdSheeran #AmalieArena HTTPURL
neutral	" Paul Dunne may be leading #TheOpen , but the race for the Silver Medal is far from over yet -> HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	Anyone who 's interested in going to see Jason Aldean in concert on August 21st at Klipsch Music Center let me know . Section B ( Up Front )
negative	" After that horrendous performance by Romero on sunday , Manchester United had no choice than to stall the DDG move to Real Madrid ! "
neutral	" If David Price put up similar production over next 7 years that he has over 1st 7 + seasons , is he a hall of fame pitcher ? "
neutral	" I snuck up behind my brother and yelled JOHN CENA , scaring him . Then sat down and said , " " I guess you could say you did n't see me . " " "
neutral	" I need a big moment ! Something like a clutch moment ! A Kobe in the 4th quarter ! A Ronda " " Rowdy " " Rousey 14 second knockout ! "
positive	4th set point in this game and challenge called in . Anderson 2-0 sets . Murray much more promising at the end of the 2nd . He 's not out yet !
positive	@USER @USER @USER Happy Sunday & National Ice Cream Day ! Who 's going out for a cone today ?
negative	@USER @USER tomorrow better be a busy day or expect Kane to be fucked half way through .
neutral	I wonder will sting get back an Seth Rollins mind like the in Monday night raw #sting
negative	" Starting to bother me when people say " " but it 's David Price " " when it comes to pitch counts . Do n't want to burn him out before October . "
neutral	" When the delegation of Najran , who were Christians , came to Prophet Muhammad , may infinite divine salutations and ... HTTPURL "
positive	Gonna talk to the pretty girl tomorrow and see what 's gucci
neutral	In honor of National Hot Dog Day on July 23 . I advise you to forget this article before you eat your half-dozen . HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER please poach Chris Evans to host your F1 coverage and also TFI Friday . Top Gear is no good for him , he just does n't realise yet "
negative	" Tony Blair is the one who ruined @USER , he may have got them in power but he 's certainly hurt them ! "
negative	" What a wimp Hulk Hogan is for apologizing after making remarks about blacks then apologizing.On Don Says , Saturday at HTTPURL "
negative	July 21 2015 : there is another unwarranted official holiday in Pakistan although three days of Eid are gone . a wrong decision by the govt .
neutral	@USER if the FHD screen of Yureka Plus is better than Moto G 3rd Gen ?
positive	" I ate my placenta like Kim Kardashian , and you should too : AS TOLD TO NICOLE LYN PESCE Tuesday , December 15 , 2 ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Floyd Mayweather may be good at dodging punches but Ronda Rousey would beat the shit out of him .
positive	" hello my followers fans one direction , I ask you to do this tendency September 13 with the hashtag # Happy Birthday Niall "
neutral	I 'm afraid of Murray though ... He beat Belluci with ease in the 3rd round . Kevin 's strong point is his serves !
positive	Dustin Johnson just drove a par 4 with an iron ! HTTPURL
neutral	Red Sox with a lot of work to do to try and win this . 13-5 down in the 8th .
neutral	Upset in the making . Murray down two sets to love to Anderson . Plus Anderson is up a break in 3rd
negative	Milan dropping points against sides in the relegation zone if we had those points we would be top 5 * cries in 8th place *
positive	ANT-MAN : Screening : Sat & Sun @USER 1.00 pm Super Tue @USER 6.00 pm Armed with the astonishing ability ... HTTPURL
neutral	" GOP presidential hopeful Scott Walker said Friday the United States is at war with radical Islam , calling it a ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Do you remember Paul McCartney ? That young , up & comer that Kanye West discovered ? He 's playing the ACC on Oct 17th ! Tix on sale next Friday "
negative	" Fuck wit Dre Day was really a terrible song . Ice Cube wrecked that beat though on " " Friday " " ( the song ) . "
neutral	Starting off our Monday we have one from Cucumber Castle .. Bee Gees with If I Only Had My Mind On Something Else HTTPURL
neutral	Dodgers are 4th in fewest days between no-hitters with 9 days . The White Sox lead with 1 .
neutral	" If Indian agencies just lookout for who were in contact with these people trying to save Yakub , they may end up finding all conspirators ! "
neutral	" Dustin Johnson knew it was tomorrow he was supposed to choke right , even though it 's Sunday . "
positive	Mother-Daughter night at 1st Niagara Pavilion with the Foo Fighters :D It 's gonna be a great day ! .. Tomorrow at ... HTTPURL
positive	Massimo is showing me every John Cena memes under the sun
negative	" Thur 's day ? Does n't sound like the God it was named for . Let 's try , Thor 's day . "
positive	David wright baby ! ! ! Already .. 1st at bat and takes it to upper deck
neutral	Stop concentrating on all this Briana drama & concentrate on the fact that THE BOYS 5TH ALBUM COMES OUT IN 4 DAYS #5DaysTillMITAM #OhNoBriana
positive	Ice cold cider coupled with the sounds of Iron Maiden . Great Monday night ...
positive	#Twins Tweets : White Sox take a 6-4 lead in the 7th . #MNTwins #MLB HTTPURL
positive	Do n't get me wrong I 'm excited to see Jason Aldean on Friday but MAN do I wish it were Kenny again . #noshoesnation @USER
neutral	" I 'm calling it , Seth Rollins loses the US Championship tomorrow night on Monday Night Raw . "
neutral	@USER just read a politico article about who donald trump 's running mate might be . Tom Brady was 2nd on their list of likely choices .
neutral	@USER * WWE Monday Might Raw because of the goat John Cena
positive	" Full interview : Carly Fiorina , September 6 : Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina sits down with " " Fa ... HTTPURL "
negative	FYF Saturday tickets are still very expensive but I kind of want one solely so I can see Frank Ocean .
positive	" . @USER Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a man into next week ... in fact , I believe he 's due back tomorrow . "
neutral	" We all know Levy really wanted to sell Kane , tomorrow when United bid massive for Hugo he wo n't be able to resist again "
positive	" THOR has always been a GREAT seller for us ! But it is the 4th Thor # 1 in the last couple of years , right ? ( including THORS ) "
positive	@USER Got u a lot of stuff u will love it I may or may not have bought u John cena merch and stuff HTTPURL
neutral	How much do you know about John Kasich ? : Take this quiz to keep up with the sweet 16th Republican pre ... HTTPURL @USER
neutral	THE UNFORGETTABLE FIRE by U2 was no . 12 in the UK album charts on 31 August 1985
positive	Hope everyone checks out Rusty 's Rockfeast : Backstage with the Zac Brown Band on fyi Thursday 's at 10p !
neutral	I think this was the first night of Louis with Briana ? ( That 's not her tho ) I saved it on April 17 but I DK HTTPURL
positive	We 're going for coffee this afternoon and the cinema to see Paper Towns tomorrow ... I love it when mum has a week off
neutral	" Finally , on the 5th attempt , Anderson wins the second set 6-3 , serving his 12th ace for the match to lead 2 sets to love against Murray . "
neutral	Just heard that Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with Manslaughter after being involved in a fata ... HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	" Ronda Rousey fight on Facebook may fuel copyright critics : ... Facebook FB 0.14 % , the UFC and Rousey at least ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Niall will follow me One Day That day just is n't today , maybe tomorrow ? @USER "
neutral	@USER blood got one hand and made the team but ya bum ass wanna listen to Kendrick Lamar and take pictures HTTPURL
neutral	" The Sun be like : " " 1D band member Louis Tomlinson spotted with mysterious blonde.Is he cheating on pregnant Briana ? " " HTTPURL "
neutral	Murray avoids the sack and run for a 1st down .
neutral	Sunday seems to be a bad day for Dustin Johnson to play in majors ! ! Maybe Mondays will be better .
positive	I want to go see Twenty One Pilots give me a sunday lolla ticket . And a Friday one for Paul McCartney
neutral	Roman Reigns and Dean Ambrose may need to recruit Brock Lesnar to take out the Wyatts #RAW
negative	Ice Cube can help with the Straight Outta Compton movie but can't even make the last Friday movie ... Bruhhh
neutral	What sparks your interest ? Learning Wordpress ? Finding out things you may not have known about Islam and Muslims ? ... HTTPURL
positive	Carol tomorrow and am so pumped about Cate Blanchett and Sarah Freaking PAULSON @USER aka one of the best actors of our time .
neutral	@USER I 'm sure it 's going to be Sting . Expecting a Brothers of Destruction reunion too Sunday with Kane helping Taker in his match .
positive	Missing D . C ... But it 's ok ... I 'm seeing Ed Sheeran on Tuesday ... That makes everything better .
negative	Zionism has made Israel one big prison . They do n't realize they are the architects of their own demise . HTTPURL
neutral	HQ | | Niall at the US open in NYC ( Sept 2nd 2015 ) 29-32 HTTPURL
neutral	Is n't it weird that Selena Gomez concert is Jun 21 and Justin bieber 's concert is Jun 27 ? ? ? 6 days apart ... really ...
neutral	Niall stuffed with lots of happiness wrapped in a canadian flag with a side of fake hair dye HTTPURL
neutral	" 13 . Nirvana - Gallons of Rubbing Alcohol Flow Through the Strip , In Utero ( 20th Anniversary Edition ) "
positive	" @USER Good Morning Happy Saturday Miss Briana . Hope you are having fun wherever you happen to be . Thank you for being you , always . "
negative	Drives me up a wall that I had to see a Kane article on him being traded on the front page of the Sun Times . Seriously ? How dull are people ?
negative	Dana White gonna wake up tomorrow morning thinking he got super drunk because his bank account is half a billion dollars lighter #UFC193
neutral	The Royals got Cueto for Tuesday night . They do n't want Thor is game 7
neutral	" Kane 's got United player written all over him for me . See how he does in his 2nd season though . Poor start , but only few games in . "
neutral	To keep in pace with Friday 13th here 's a teaser for the new David Bowie album scheduled for release Jan 8th ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER are you going to carry the gucci foamposite that release friday ?
neutral	New Divas tag team division in the works ? The future of Seth Rollins & John Cena . HTTPURL #wwe #divas #sethrollins #johncena
positive	" Tomorrow is Star Wars day ! New movie ! And is @USER and @USER birthday ! Great , is n't ? @USER "
neutral	Id rather watch sharknado on repeat all day than have to get up at 5 tomorrow (:
neutral	" Tom Brady on Deflategate : ' We have all lost ' : In a Facebook post Friday night , Brady wrote he is " " s ... HTTPURL #NFL #news "
neutral	Newly acquired LHP David Price fired eight innings of one-run ball Monday in the #BlueJays ' 5-1 defeat of the #Twins . #MLB
negative	Our service pple living on the streets while Muslims get homes and all the help they need our priorities so wrong HTTPURL
negative	Zayn is a fucking psychic he 's like THE MAN HTTPURL
positive	Full house on a Friday for David Price facing the Yankees . That 's the best sentence I have heard in a while #BlueJays
negative	How pissed off was I after doing Kane 1st goal England win 2-0 to find he was n't even playing . 1st bet I 've done since last time I won ! !
positive	going to a Red Sox game tomorrow even though im a Yankee fan its fine :)
positive	@USER Happy 2nd Birthday Prince George . Have a great day . Sinead cork city ireland
neutral	Buhari vows to defeat Boko Haram by December . President Muhammadu Buhari yesterday declared that the ... HTTPURL
neutral	Anyone interested in seeing Kenny Chester and Jason Aldean August 29th hmu my cousin has tickets she can't use
positive	Here 's the scoop : Sunday is National Ice Cream Day HTTPURL #usa #top #stories
neutral	" 26/8 / 15 Katy Perry and her cracking #cleavage out on Wednesday , there 's a joke in here somewhere about puppy 's HTTPURL "
positive	So I stood up for Kim Kardashian today lol ! Someone sd she 's a gold digger & I said she may be a lot of things but she makes her own money !
positive	" #ICYMI : Prince George gets A-list tweets for his 2nd b-day . We hope you shake it all the way to the throne , lil ' one ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Dustin Johnson leading the #PGAChampionship ... until the 3rd round of course when he naturally falls apart .
positive	" If Milan beat Samp tomorrow , we will face one of Fio or Carpi . IF we can win that we will face the one of Spezia or Alessandria in Semis . "
negative	@USER @USER I never said ZAYN SOUNDS LIKE SHIT .. I said I thought he was 2nd best & that they sound bad in that video !
neutral	" Gino is hosting an U - 18 ' s event at Nirvana , Nottingham on the 13th of August - Big names performing on the night ... HTTPURL "
negative	@USER just fear like all Muslims you can not say a word against your own however evil they may be !
neutral	I started liking frank ocean when he does n't drop his music like c'mon
neutral	' Amy Schumer ' appeared on Monday 30 at the 13th place in the Top 20 of Los Angeles 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
negative	" @USER Read the smithwick enquiry transcript , ira men were given immunity , anonimity yet still lied want every 1 else 's truth 1st "
positive	" I have n't been this excited about SNL since James Franco , Matt Damon , and JGL hosted . Get Chris Evans next . HTTPURL "
positive	Saw straight out of Compton 3x this week . I can watch it again tomorrow and still be excited . Gain so much respect for Ice Cube
negative	" Kim Kardashian is irrelavant now , unless she releases some fresh nudes . HTTPURL "
negative	Saw it late but Carlos Gomez may have passed Ryan Braun in most hated baseball players
negative	" @USER what about the victims of IRA terrorism David , do you ever think of them ? Kingsmill , Le Mon or even Kevin McGuigan "
neutral	Still looking for one more person to take to Justin Bieber with me on July 12th please text me if you wanna come
neutral	" @USER Hi there , I have question I want to purchase the Real Madrid 3rd kit can you guys add the champions league patches "
positive	Know a little bit about live TV .. Chris Evans nd TFI Friday is an outstanding production .
positive	" Dad : " " I 'll go watch Paper Towns with you on Thursday .. " " Yes then ! "
neutral	" Ukraine negotiates free trade agreements with Turkey and Israel : TASS - Economy - Sat , 26 Dec 2015 21:01 : 26 GM ... HTTPURL "
positive	We hope everyone had a wonderful Eid ! The league resumes Saturday July 25th at the regular times & locations . Academy resumes July 28th .
neutral	" @USER we 're reviewing Paper Towns on saturday . I know you 're not on the show , just sayin ' "
positive	We 'd love to see you in Israel SQL Saturday on April 4th . Learn from Brent Ozar and Rob Farley precons HTTPURL #sqlsaturday
positive	GdS - 65 thousand tickets have already been sold for the upcoming Milan derby next Sunday . A sold-out is pretty much possible .
negative	@USER may I also suggest I hate myself and want to die by nirvana
positive	So it 's 4th day of Eid ... Still having busyness ..
positive	@USER Kendrick and J.Cole album in Feb ! ! ! I beg it 's true ! Mans bless you ? Getting waved I need to get off Twitter asap
positive	" Light up this #Diwali with a thunderous blockbuster , Thor : The Dark World , tomorrow at 11 PM ! HTTPURL "
positive	" I like what I saw tonight , particularly in the 2nd half . 8 up /8 down . Let 's keep rolling lads ( hey Roy , you play Kane always ) #England "
positive	im so happy that danielle may be with louis bc then briana and her stupid family can stop acting like they entitlement and just hav the
positive	Wishing the lovely Prince George a wonderful 2nd birthday ! HTTPURL
positive	" Who is going to Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow in Frisco , Texas ? ? ? I'M SO EXCITED ! "
negative	@USER Like Tyler and Luke 's teams with Josh and Devin close behind . Hate Shawn 's team . If I had to choose a 2nd worst team it 's Dustin .
positive	" I can tell you one thing , Macs may have their downsides , but that OS is as solid as Chuck Norris flexing his butt muscles "
neutral	" Last of the original , inimitable Monday Night Football crew . Frank Gifford , N . F . L . Star & Broadcaster , Dies at 84 HTTPURL "
neutral	" On his birthday , Chuck Norris randomly selects one lucky child to be thrown into the sun . "
negative	Of course Nigeria blames the U . S . for not being able to fight Boko Haram . 3rd world countries do n't want to progress . Just depend on others .
neutral	" #BJP #NarendraModi BJP wants Rahul Gandhi to come clean on ' British citizenship ' issue , may raise it ... HTTPURL #UHF #HDL "
positive	" If Paul Dunne wins the Open tomorrow as an amateur , the transitive property tells me that I also have a good chance of winning it . #Science "
positive	" They may laugh at Rahul Gandhi , but the laughter is starting to sound just a wee bit artificial , slowly and surely he is coming back . "
positive	" It 's Wednesday night , which means an hour of Big Brother and live commentary with @USER . It 's how we roll . "
neutral	@USER so my Dean Ambrose stuff left Ohio at 5:25 am so it should be here Monday or Tuesday cause I live in Michigan
positive	I hope u all have a good day bc it 's Friday and Shawn loves u . Keep smilin ' (:
positive	The WAM ( Write Around the Murray ) Book Festival starts today at the Albury Library / Museum and goes until sunday ... Go check it out ! ! !
positive	Continuing to bond with the offspring via Marvel movies with another Superhero Saturday thanks to a very funny Ant-Man . #fb
neutral	Sat in the pub have a non-alcoholic beverage before going to see Ant-Man .
positive	paul mccartney is coming to detroit and columbus in October ! ! ! does anyone want to go with me ? ? ? @USER @USER @USER
neutral	" SM Branches ( so far ) where Boruto : Naruto the Movie will be shown tomorrow : Manila , Megamall , Sta . Mesa , and General Santos . "
neutral	" Rahul Gandhi 's name on Rahul Dravid 's pick is the new age " " Humpty Dumpty sat on a WALL " " . @USER HTTPURL "
neutral	1st down Curtis at the @USER 30 yard line with 47 seconds to go . 28-22 grand st
positive	Bee Gees with Fanny ( Be Tender With My Love ) for our Sunday listening pleasure . HTTPURL
neutral	" HQ photos of Niall in the Us Open today 04 / September , in the city of New York , United States . HTTPURL "
neutral	Dustin Johnson to have an insane 1st round then bottle it
positive	" David Wright is back and had a big impact in the win tonight . Mets are now 12 games over . 500 , 5.5 games ahead in 1st , I can see October ! "
neutral	@USER you wanna replace Ice Cube with Ashton Kutcher in Friday ? Let me hear you ...
positive	Show tomorrow @USER Wick 's GC . Old school Queen - new Jason Aldean - classic rock and power pop in between . Hope you can join us for the fun !
positive	I may not be Miss USA but I am still Miss Minnesota USA ! I am looking forward to the appearances I have coming up ! ! #bemorethanpretty
neutral	And to think i drafted Tom Brady in the 11th round
neutral	" John Kasich on ISIS , immigration : CBS News correspondent Major Garrett sat down with Governor John Kasich to d ... HTTPURL "
positive	Will be watching Celebrity Big Brother on Thursday purely for the inclusion of Bobby Davro who I 've admired for years . #CelebrityBigBrother
neutral	Thurs 12/17 : Wanna watch Big Hero Six with Thor & Tanner today ? #ThortheElf2015 HTTPURL
neutral	" While the news channels divulge on the prospect of postponing the hanging of Yakub , the proceedings may very well have begun by now . "
positive	2nd day in New York and I found great deals on authentic Gucci and Louis Vuitton wallets both sold on street corners by nice foreign fellows
neutral	" Boruto : Naruto the movie , comes out October either in Valencia , or San Diego , but in Japanese with English subtitles "
neutral	" I just listed : ' Rolling Stone September 1 2011 Red Hot Chili Peppers on Cover , Glen Campbel ... ' , for 5.95 via @USER HTTPURL "
neutral	" Enda Kenny with racist Hulk Hogan . Hey WTF ! Hulk Hogan , Denis O'Brien , Pinochet 's mate Thatcher ... Fine Gael love $ $ s HTTPURL "
neutral	My heart is sad by the news of Frank Gifford . May you Rest Peacefully and may your family always be strong & protected .
positive	Excited for the 5th album and Zayn 's album #MTVHottest One Direction
neutral	" I want to go to Kpop night on Friday but I 'll be mad if it 's not just 5 hours of " " GOOD BOY " " on repeat . #eternaljam "
neutral	Senate Dems : Buyer 's remorse yet on Iran ? HTTPURL ' cause when Reagan signed 1st Treaty with USSR it ended the Cold War ( not )
negative	" I sent that message on Saturday , you saw it and now you reply ? Great one Curtis you asshole "
positive	" It 's 10pm . I 'm sat in my chair watching #RoyalRumble , spaMing @USER with Brock lesnar gifs . Great night . HTTPURL "
positive	i dont care bout 20/20 tour 's dvd at this point coz HBO 's gonna broadcast U2 ' s show in november and that 's all i want
positive	Paul Dunne is tied for 1st at the open and he 's a proud #UABBlazer shutout to my ace @USER #BlazerLife
positive	@USER haha miss you too . And I may have to come to Murray sometime soon and show you guys how to party . Lol
positive	" Thursday , July 23 is National Hot Dog Day , Monica Lewinsky 's birthday , and my wedding anniversary . So , that seems about right . "
positive	" @USER @USER If FOX keeps building the show guy up . You may be right . Start building up Dr . Ben Carson and Carly Fiorina , "
neutral	Super Eagles chief coach Sunday Oliseh has unveiled his team list for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations Group G game ... HTTPURL
positive	Good comeback from Paul Dunne . Birdie on 5th and he 's back to square today . Solid mental achievement . #TheOpen
neutral	NFF Executive and Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh on the floor of Nigerian Stock Exchange HTTPURL
neutral	" I may never know your reasons why , but someday I 'm going to see the good in your goodbye - Jason Aldean "
neutral	" Really wanted Dean Ambrose to join the Wyatt Family tonight . I will explain in my new weekly column tomorrow . " " If my last name was Mcmahon " " "
neutral	@USER @USER Styles make fights . Rousey may very well win but there 's no way she is running through Holm .
neutral	My name 's Ashton & I am a male I may be trans but that does n't make me any less manly than John Cena or The Rock I go by he / him or they / them
neutral	" @USER I thought Christians followed Christ , the name being a vague clue . Perhaps you should read the 2nd half of the book ? @USER "
neutral	" PGA shot tracker is awful . Dustin Johnson apparently hit one 3 feet from the hole on his 2nd shot , but somehow has a bogey now "
negative	@USER Hartzel and I are planning to watch Ant-Man tomorrow at SM Pala-pala but the problem is that it 's only available in 3D
negative	" Manor Hospital , which may ultimately lead to disaster If you make an ' Up the Duff ' joke ? Ibuprofen should take George Osborne 's cue & amp ; "
positive	Feeling Frisky ? Thursday is National Hot Dog Day . We have a dog to fit whatever mood you 're in . Put your ... HTTPURL
positive	Kane just asked me for the 3rd time if I had fun run
neutral	@USER is selling 3 Justin bieber tickets ( next to each other ) for Manchester on the Sat night for a little over face value . Dm him
neutral	Queensryche issue Arrow Of Time : - Hear first track from 2nd album with Todd La Torre HTTPURL Sounds like Iron Maiden to me .
positive	" All you HNN All-Stars know who I want to send a big birthday shoutout to ... Prince George ! Happy 2nd birthday , your future majesty ! "
negative	@USER I hope you get kidnapped tomorrow and shipped in a box to West Africa where you are taken by a bunch of Muslims and get Ebola
neutral	Laying in bed all day catching up with Big Brother since school starts tomorrow and I 'm not ready to give up my freedom .
positive	" See you again in April , Justin Bieber :) HTTPURL "
neutral	Gucci bags id assured faith december expatiate the biform your hand at other as far as attache quick : OXYHzRGNr
neutral	Ed Sheeran floor seats . 3 tickets available . Sept 3rd . Let me know if you 're interested .
positive	It 's Friday . Enjoy this video of Ed Sheeran covering Trap Queen with The Roots . HTTPURL
positive	@USER is about to announce 1st place for #MTVStars . Fingers crossed for Lady Gaga ! HTTPURL
neutral	" #Mets 3B David Wright should be back on Monday as primary third baseman , but he wo n't play everyday just yet . HTTPURL "
neutral	Dear future Shawn you 're going to be so hungover tomorrow
neutral	Either a Sheamus cash in tomorrow or Seth Rollins should give someone the U . S title #SummerSlam
positive	Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day ! Treat yourself with Homemade ice cream @USER #rowlett #icecream #sweets HTTPURL
positive	Season in the sun versi Nirvana rancak gak .. slow rockkk ...
negative	" @USER the same Rousey fans tht scream Money May does n't fight anyone , be the first to make an excuse as to why Rousey wo n't move up "
positive	Kris Bryant absolutely mashed a HR . The only thing that held that ball in was the video board . Left fielder never turned around .. 1-1 Bot 5th
positive	Tomorrow kicks off 5 $ class week ! Come try out our NEW morning classes . Slow Burn Yoga with Barrett starts at 9:30 tomorrow am !
neutral	Hold the applause for Saudi Arabia | Hassan | Columnists | Opinion | Toronto Sun HTTPURL
neutral	#DonaldTrump ' s Miss USA Pageant set a record low on Sunday with only 925K viewers . And let that be a reminder 2 all of us . It was on Sunday
neutral	Murray saves 2 break points and manages to hold serve to level the 4th set at 2-2 . Murray not going down without a fight #USOpen
positive	Hot yoga was intense tonight . Hope I can handle the power vinyasa class on Friday . Eeek
negative	Influenced by Rahul Gandhi . All from Kalam family may not be the same . e.g.Rahul Gandhi . - HTTPURL
positive	Retirement moves : Little-known IRA shift may save you money HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	I 'm so ready for the Jason Aldean concert tomorrow !
neutral	" Oil Price Not Done Crashing , Saudi Arabia May Be Broke In 5 Years : Reports HTTPURL Cc : @USER What do you think of this ? "
positive	gonna continue to watch twilight tomorrow i 've been leaving the rest of the movie that i did n't watch yet for a long time lmao
neutral	. @USER says activists are planning to march to the SC to petition the SC for mercy to Yakub ...
neutral	Exploring Milan under the blazing sun . I already have the feeling I wo n't be able to see much . So busy ! Tomorrow Expo HTTPURL
positive	@USER I 'm surprising my mom with a trip to see Ed Sheeran for her birthday in Atlanta on Saturday . Help us meet him please ! ! !
positive	Soooo who 's down to go to the justin bieber concert with me in March ? ?
neutral	" Liam , Niall and Harry on stage last night in Cleveland , Ohio at the FirstEnergy Stadium - August 27 #23 HTTPURL "
positive	Harry is so cute and I love them all and I love DMD but I can't help crying watching #DragMeDownMusicVideo the 1st time bc Zayn 's not there .
neutral	I sat at a table next to #MarcAlmond yesterday . Took every ounce of restraint for me to not try to strike up a convo about Scott Walker
positive	" It 's official Floyd Mayweather vs Andre Berto September 14th MGM Grand , it is what it is I guess #boxing "
neutral	" Director 's Cut Blog | " " Ellen " " Kicks Off 13th Season with Caitlyn Jenner on Channel 3 . DETAILS : HTTPURL HTTPURL "
negative	So Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges . The jokes just write themselves these days ... #TransCriminal
negative	I refuse to go to school tomorrow because it 's still July until frank ocean drops his album
neutral	So anybody have plans to host or attend a watch party for Sharknado 3 Wednesday night at 9 pm on the SyFy ... HTTPURL
positive	Ca n't wait for tomorrow after work . Jason Aldean concert . Off Friday with Bills game . Off Saturday Sunday . First Draft Sunday . Off Monday .
neutral	" @USER you may not know this but america is a majority white country , what is obama doing for Christians in the middle east "
neutral	More pics of Niall and Liam at the U . S . open SEP 02 . #OTRABuffalo #LouisBackTo1D HTTPURL
neutral	" #Brewers on the board in the 1st against the #Reds thanks to a solo shot from Ryan Braun , his 24th . "
neutral	Dean Ambrose gets the last laugh tonight on #RAW - Results : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Lobsters ? Aliens ? Ipads ? Kim Kardashian ? Today 's Sunday Survey - The unusual things you 've seen in a Nativity play . HTTPURL
positive	Frank Gifford still has the most TD 's ( 78 ) in @USER history . He is 8th in rushing yds & 2nd in receiving yds . Also 20th in TD passes ( 14 ) .
neutral	#Rangers OF Josh Hamilton out of the lineup for 3rd straight game with sore knee . Hopes to return Thur vs . #Tigers .
neutral	" @USER , coz we r the true patriots and head on Palm for Islam , may be fools we r , or we can't change our nature . "
neutral	Naruto is the 10th Nakama and would be the last Strawhat Crew . Just my opinion . Sorry .
positive	Might just have to hit up Monday night raw because Brock Lesnar is going to be there .
neutral	The Jason Aldean concert is on a Thursday night ... Can you guess which day I have my night class ?
neutral	@USER @USER either way its probably true rmbr when the sun said zayn was leaving and we laughed and then zayn left
neutral	Aug 30 | Join Councilman Franklin at the Dist 9 5th Prince George 's County Family & Friends Day HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci pants persona unfearfulness may appear the distich thy esoteric an in coalition into side living in : sKcajbNDF
neutral	The sun burns you in SAUDI ARABIA it does n't in New York wow I can't why did i watch this HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER When it 's Russia involved , it 's " " may " " . When Israel is involved , it 's " " has " " . Well done Amnesty for simplicity "
negative	" @USER apart from Saudi Arabia , one more country has to be blamed - the 1st Islamic state of world - Pakistan "
positive	M / T arliehartman : b10w john played a song with the Foo Fighters on Thursday night . It was great !
neutral	watching the VMAs tomorrow just so I can watch Nicki call Miley out on her dumb shit
neutral	" @USER the sun : " " how the IRA will take advantage of terrorist lover jeremy corbyn 's reluctance to defend our shores " " "
negative	" @USER How do you keep attracting all these radical Black racist like @USER may related to Vester , Liberal , Gay , Racist "
neutral	Brock Lesnar may have made Undertaker tap out at #SummerSlam but he can never make Mean Mark Callous tap out WRESTLEMANIA 32 HE RETURNS #WWE
positive	@USER hoping I 'm covered but the 7th race is a single in a 13 horse field haha . I 've seen him win though . Iron Maiden is a good horse
neutral	Please note : today is Iron Maiden Monday simply because we think you should listen to Maiden today not ' cause there 's anything you 've missed
neutral	yo free coffee tomorrow from dunkin if the birds win right
positive	" Kanye West may be a good rapper , but Eminem is the rap god "
neutral	The Money King : Floyd Mayweather sleeps with 4 women on one bed : Ahead of his September 12 fight with Andre Be ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Bengaluru , Nov . 25 ( ANI ): Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday continued his tirade against the ... HTTPURL "
positive	" So grateful , Justin Bieber tickets for the 27th of October buzzinggggg @USER "
positive	Dustin Johnson has a remarkable record in the opening two rounds of his last 6 majors ... HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Remember this when you watch the news stories about Nicki tomorrow morning . HTTPURL
neutral	" Getting DFA 'd on roster expansion day = baseball 's version of Chris Tucker asking Ice Cube in Friday " " How do you get fired on your day off ? " " "
neutral	@USER Those who are in Christ ( Christians ) are called to live a surrendered life . Put Christ 1st in everything you do !
positive	me : * listens to drive-in saturday six times in a row with little to no regret * i am so alive rn bless david bowie
neutral	Ryan Braun returned to the lineup on Wednesday after missing two games with lower back tightness .
negative	Tony Blair 's wars on terror ( eg Afghanistan ) failed to make Britain safer ( from heroin ) HTTPURL
positive	" Find us at the Sana 2015 Tradeshow on September 12th in the beautiful Milan , Italy ! #tradeshow #betterwithbirk #Italy HTTPURL "
neutral	" Right , but has John Kasich ever had to make payroll at a casino ? HTTPURL "
negative	Between Sharknado and this panda eating a frozen cake this has been a terribly distracting day on Twitter . HTTPURL
positive	Nothing like working on my back porch in the sun listening to some Nirvana . #PLAYITLOUD #NIRVANA #KURTCOBAIN
negative	My parents ' car rendition of Bad Blood may actually kill me one day
neutral	Eid wishes ever where but no wish for 1st working day after eid .. A blessed day Alhamdulilah :-)
positive	" I have the same birthday as my girlfriend and John Cena , April 23 about to be so lit "
negative	" @USER Well it rained all day on Eid , then second day was hot but then 3rd day and even aj bi its raining so "
positive	@USER @USER stopping by tomorrow before the Foo Fighters at Wrigley . Jungle Boogie on my must get list ! Any blueberry left ?
negative	" If something wrong happen tomorrow due to Yakub death sentence , media should be blame for it . They r making it more sensitive . #YakubToHang "
neutral	A good hold from Murray . 5-3 in 2nd . How is Anderson 's head coping with this now ?
positive	ive been with nirvana since sat it was a date every night
positive	Welcome to islam family stacy . May Allah bless you .
neutral	@USER Better to release Yakub tomorrow morning in Mumbai Churchgate or CST station in the peak hours ! Our people will take care ...
neutral	Convinced I woke up too late for there to be pumpkin crumb cake donuts left at Dunkin so I 'll just go back to sleep until tomorrow ttyl
negative	I can't believe this is the 1st time Hulk Hogan has been called out for making a fool of himself . Anyone else notice that guy 's entire life ?
neutral	Gucci bags other self good cheer november foster the couple thy party present-time coda upon side enlivened : ...
neutral	" celebrating my new pulsar 220 , iphone 6 & 3rd day of Eid at Gate Way of India & Taj Mahal Hotel - Mumbai HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER feeling the most convincing explanation is that it was the starting point of the Charlie Hebdo march
positive	The fact that Foo Fighters rickrolled the Westboro Baptist Church today just makes me love them even more . BRING ON SEPTEMBER 5TH .
positive	Thor is a throw back kind of pitcher . I love it ! ! ! HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER Does practice of ALMAJIRI in d north make it ISLAMIC . MUSLIMS may at times not practice ISLAM
neutral	Floyd Mayweather tells Ronda Rousey to call him ... when she makes ... HTTPURL [ Baltimore Sun ] #Boxing
neutral	" @USER Hello m from Iran Plssss ask SRK , reply me & just say hello Farah Plssss , meri dream ko real may badal do HTTPURL "
neutral	Tomorrow 's Eid holiday in Pakistan is wholly unnecessary - - today is the third day of Eid and should have been enough
neutral	@USER @USER @USER I 've gotta admit I 'm not too sure yet about Kane mysen ... Got a lot to live up to after that 1st season
positive	I remember when haterade by Nicki pharrell and Gucci was my ringtone in the 4th grade
neutral	" Why Yemen is important ? cus Yemen is 4th world country at war with one the most richest and powerfull countries on earth , Saudi Arabia "
neutral	Are you wearing your #1025sendmebackstage shirt at Zac Brown Band today ? ! Tweet us your seats & we just may upgrade you ! #1025FenwayWeekend
positive	First draft tonight ... I do n't care Foo Fighters on saturday !
neutral	I think this is the first time Kris Bryant is n't batting 3rd
neutral	" If John Cena is really behind the WWE keeping the belt on Nikki , I may not be in love with him anymore . "
neutral	murray break back anderson wud be stupid sha 2 allow a double break I expect it 2 get 2 5-3 and he serves out the 2nd set leaving it at 6-3
neutral	" The Yankees are currently beating the Red Sox 11-1 ... in the 4th . All you , Blue Jays . "
positive	@USER Moto G ( 3rd Gen ) have all the super power that i really want in a smartphone ! ! #MyMotoG
neutral	Totally just realized Paul Dunne wo n't get a cent of the 1.8 M first place prize if he wins #TheOpen tomorrow .
neutral	@USER I may not be an important person in their eyes but in Gods eyes I feel I am being guided to help save the Christians / yazidis
negative	If you need convincing that bombing Syria wrong / flawed / unethical then Tony Blair 's support for bombing might assist HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER @USER Corby may not acknowledge this because he has n't been told by Rolling Stone that it 's cool .
positive	Floyd Mayweather is the greatest boxer of all time .
negative	" Last Eid , Gaza was in black . My friend was killed by Israeli shelling on the 1st day of Eid #HappyEid "
neutral	MI holds Curtis scoreless in 2nd qtr . Brings it to within 2 at half . MI 3 - Curtis 5
positive	" I may or may not be in love with Seth Rollins . Even before that picture tbh . Anyway , back to the ' football ' . "
negative	" . @USER " " ON @USER WATCH we have witnessed the rise of Russia , Iran , and ISIS . Radical Islamic terrorists are on the march . " " "
neutral	Let 's count how many people are going to be wearing a shirt from the Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow
neutral	@USER and the fact you only have 10 . Take it he 's the missing 11th player behind Kane ?
positive	New David Bowie single from the soon to be released BLACK STAR . Hey ! I can't fuckin ' wait ( January 8th ) . Enjoy ! ... HTTPURL
negative	" Wait hw can Louis break-up w / Briana if she 's never been his gf in the 1st place . He knocked her up , yes but gf ? Uhm #MTVStars One Direction "
neutral	Tom Brady spoke in foxboro today and said he hoped he was always going to play and is looking forward to Thursday night . #WBZ
negative	" with the threat that unless they are given a pay rise , similar to staff at Urdu language schools , they will embrace Islam en masse on 14th "
positive	Just went to dunkin donuts for the 1st time
neutral	" #TheCEOpundit Floyd Mayweather puts up $ 10,000 to help find the person who killed his jeweler : On Sunday night ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Kris Bryant steals his 11th base of the year . #Cubs
positive	Selling 2 upper box tickets for the Sam Smith show this November . Hit me up if anyone 's interested .
neutral	Celebrities pay tribute to Frank Gifford on Twitter : After NFL legend Frank Gifford died Sunday at the age of ... HTTPURL
neutral	Bruce I mean Caitlyn Jenner likes tradition ... If he loses the dangly bits I May call him a her HTTPURL
negative	Paul Dunne is Irish not British . I guess BBC will call him Irish if he does not win tomorrow .
neutral	" Game stretched over 2hrs , Murray breaks for the 1st time in the 3rd set , 6-5 , to serve for match point ... #USOpenWorld "
neutral	Dana White ontitle shot : ' He 'll get whatever he wants'Custom Clothing Here Link - & gt ;[ h HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	" Happy Sunday @USER my weekend was awesome , play for me " " Sam Smith - Stay with me " " "
neutral	@USER C'mon Shawn you can't afford the M4 you want with one dollar get it together
neutral	Louis could n't have gotten Briana pregnant in February unless it was before February 4th he was n't even in LA
positive	how I spend my Friday night : watching Sam smith videos from when I saw him at the forum how everyone else spends their Friday night : bp
neutral	No media Hallah no Julush for late sepoy Rachpal Singh . Or it may be he is not terorist like Yakub . narendramodi HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Me . I am a Caitlin face tonight , but a Thor face tomorrow . "
neutral	Seth Rollins ... White Power Ranger or 6th member of Backstreet Boys in I want it that way video
negative	" Then the " " dirty " " Muslims educated them about water and people started bathing . HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER I went to see Mission Impossible Rouge Nation today , I really enjoyed it . Have u seen it ? I might go see Ant-Man tomorrow ? "
positive	I liked a @USER video HTTPURL George Harrison - Here comes the sun ( Subtitulada )
neutral	" Blocks From Charlie Hebdo , Area Known for Bonhomie Is Shaken Again : The 11th Arrondissement , the multicultural ... HTTPURL "
positive	" so the guy who just sat down beside me looks like Hulk Hogan from the waist up but has toothpick legs .. thanks for the let down , SpongeBob . "
neutral	@USER @USER A minor part of it may or may not be that it tanked in FAL after THE GAY appeared and it was # 1 on my lineup .
neutral	" @USER how about our " " allies " " in the Middle East ... like the 3rd richest Military Saudi Arabia , or the United Arab Emirates et . al . "
negative	It would appear that Muslims may be many and good but Islam is a philosophy of hate . I see nothing to make me think otherwise . God help them
neutral	Thor has learned the duck face @USER First Avenue & 7th St Entry HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Yeah could u imagine Kim Kardashian as the 1st lady ? U would have leaders from other countries asking what up with her big ass ?
neutral	" #Cubs strike first in the 1st after Kris Bryant hit into a fielders choice , they lead the #SFGiants 1-0 . "
positive	" As bad as I 'd like to see Jordan Spieth win The Open , this Paul Dunne kid is something else . Ca n't wait to see it unfold tomorrow ! "
positive	" All I want for Christmas is licensing please August Alsina , Future , Kendrick Lamar , Miguel , Rick Ross , Lil Wayne ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I fancy Anderson to eventually run out of puff if Murray can take the 3rd set . Big IF .
positive	" @USER well , yeah , but so are you , ese . Oh , and Iron Maiden 's new one drops tomorrow ! \ m / "
positive	@USER can't wait to see you in DC on Saturday ! What kind of donut do you prefer so I know what to pick up at Dunkin ? #iloveamerica
neutral	I just started busting out rapping to Kendrick 's Black Friday and Sadie almost spit her water out
positive	God it even looks like the setting of Twilight in the background . HTTPURL
positive	" Ca n't wait to see Jason Aldean , Cole Swindell , and Tyler Farr with @USER ! September 3rd needs to get here ! ! "
neutral	Do I want to see gay rugby players strip tomorrow ? * strokes ... beard *
negative	" Carol , a period romance set in 1950s New York and starring Cate Blanchett , topped nominations for the Golden Globes on Thursday , as "
negative	If you 're a Straight Dude and Homophobic DO NOT come to a gay bar on a Saturday ... or EVER in Fact . Thanks
neutral	@USER For me . It goes One Piece > Naruto > DBZ > Bleach . Bleach has never really sat right with me . I can live without bleach .
neutral	" Trump to skip Miss USA pageant : Donald Trump wo n't be at the Miss USA Pageant taking place in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , on Sunday night ... "
positive	Almost 3M between Bey and us ! We have to vote harder to take the 1st place Monsters ! #MTVStarOf2015 Lady Gaga HTTPURL
neutral	tomorrow is my last day as a full time shift lead at Dunkin . so I 'm getting waterproof mascara . because there 'll probably be water works .
neutral	@USER calm down Niall she do n't want 7th row tickets
neutral	Effective Tomorrow : Are the Good Times Over for Saudi Arabia ? HTTPURL
neutral	" F . Gary Gray was asked to direct " " Friday " " by Ice Cube after he directed his classic video " " Today Was a Good Day " " "
positive	Attention 2017 girls ! Sleep over at my house this Saturday ! ! ! We will be watching the Katy Perry concert movie 43 times :)
neutral	" Music Friday : Rolling Stone magazine recently named Andra Day one of the " " 10 New Artists You Need to Know , " " and ... HTTPURL "
positive	" #JummaMubarak to all Muslims , May Allah grant us a chance to offer jumu'ah prayer in the shadow of Kaba ... ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Nicki & Tay may be friends but I 'm still not a fan like was Nicki for real about Miley this is too much for my emotions Im so confused #VMAs
negative	Fuck that next fight Floyd Mayweather got next Saturday night . It 's going to be weak as hell
neutral	@USER @USER @USER One dude sat by his truck with Israel flags flying preaching from his Christian Bible . Really ? ? ?
neutral	" For @USER , a look at why the next debate will be a lot tougher for Carly Fiorina than the last one was . HTTPURL "
neutral	" Is anyone else going to the Kenney Chesney , Jason Aldean concert tomorrow ? Maybe we can tailgate ? "
positive	" I 'm going to see Paper Towns . Saturday , 22 August 2015 at 17:40 in Leigh #Cineworld "
positive	Might just have to catch @USER for the 3rd time and @USER for the 1st time with my money saved for Frank Ocean lol
positive	" I " " alpha 'd " " Molly by holding & lightlly scruffing her to keep her from eating Thor 's food . Since , she has sat quietly beside me . Interesting "
neutral	" Dear Dana White , do you know how you can make it up to Calgary ? Cowboy vs McGregor in March for the title ( if Donald wins ) "
negative	When you realize that the Twilight 10th Anniversary Edition is n't the same height as the original hardcovers :'(
neutral	" Real Madrid clearly did not really want David De Gea , sign anew deal lad . HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER Hi I bought next day delivery for a PS4 game , I may be out but it should fit through the letterbox , will it need a signature ? "
neutral	" Not sure why Kane did n't start , he 's miles infront of Vardy and also needs more international experience and goals for Tuesday game ! ! "
positive	Just watched this for the 10th time ... Foo Fighters invitation from 1000 people playing ' Learn to Fly ' HTTPURL via @USER
positive	@USER Mam at this Sunday when you host raw sunday dhamaal please take Brock Lesnar 's side ... ;) <3 3
neutral	" Town Hall with Gov . John Kasich in West Lebanon , New Hampshire on Wednesday , September 2 ... : John Kasich in W ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Dustin Johnson just needs a new calendar that says it 's Friday all weekend
positive	" Looks like ANT-MAN is gonna hit # 1 for the 2nd straight weekend . Not to mention , also pass the $ 100 million mark . Not too shabby ... "
neutral	New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady addressed the media on Sunday
positive	@USER may i have ' john cena ' so i can use it as my center piece for my wall of john cena i will have in the near future
neutral	throwback to my old fan account obviously the Shawn one hahah HTTPURL
positive	Wahhh I forgot the 2nd goal was so pretty in the Final . Saad to Richards to Kane . #cryingforever
neutral	" if u support 1 group maybe 1 day some evil people may take control of that group and fight against Muslims , this is why i just support islam "
positive	" Last week Paul Dunne was fighting for a Walker Cup spot , now he 's fighting for the Open . Unbelievable - really hope he does well tomorrow . "
negative	my iTunes is fucking up and is n't even letting me buy Calibraska so I 'll definitely gift tomorrow or once I figure it out I 'm sorry
positive	@USER ive been listening to gucci since i was in 6th grade ( dont know the year ) lmao & ive been out of high school for 2 years !
positive	" #TodaysJoke Prince George 's 2nd Birthday , official photos have been released . The Suns show the Queen pointing to balloons on the walls ! "
neutral	@USER Foo Fighters counterprotested the Westboro Baptist idiots before their concert in KC Friday night . Genius HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER @USER both the Heavyweight and Intercontinental Titles at the sametime as well so Seth Rollins is n't the 1st ...
positive	it 's literally 6th grade me 's dream come true to finally see pete wentz live and in the flesh ive ACHIEVED NIRVANA
positive	@USER is it true we can go to the CNE for free with a concert tix ? Going to Zac Brown Band Sept 4 .
neutral	@USER Nothing wrong with that . Busy day tomorrow with White Sox baseball and the heat ! !
positive	" Congratulations to Georgia Veatch , the winner of two FREE tickets to see Ed Sheeran in concert this Friday ! "
neutral	@USER The Vamps can you please say happy birthay to my friend sofia that her birthay is on december 18 please the vampss
positive	Star Wars Day at the RMA ! May the Force Be With You ! ! ! HTTPURL
positive	" Deadlines are overrated . Sometimes process needs room to blossom . Looking forward to the final piece , Frank Ocean . HTTPURL "
positive	I can't wait tomorrow is the big day undertaker vs Brock Lesnar for the last time ever ! ! #WWE #SummerSlam
neutral	" @USER McGregor vs Aldo coming Dec . 12 . So , we going halvsies on PPV ? Ha . They need to hurry up and throw Rousey vs . Cyborg on there . "
neutral	David Bowie on his way to casual Friday at the studio HTTPURL
neutral	" Directioners may be big on Twitter but when the voting goes out to the whole world , they lose . Kpop has a bigger fandom #DirectionersFuneral "
neutral	3 people from Big Brother are going to be at Flip Flops Friday lol
positive	@USER And I 'm serious when I say this : this may just be the best exclusive on PS4 ! Well done Mr . Yoshida ! Well done !
neutral	" Cole dissed Future on his Black Friday , Kendrick dissed everyone on his . the collab album bout to be one big subliminal diss . "
neutral	You listen to too much Kpop when you can guess every Kpop song you know by the 1st sec ! #kpopers
neutral	Unplanned 6th Day of Eid with Bestie ! #Eid2015 HTTPURL
positive	If you liked Ant-Man you may enjoy Law and the Multiverse 's discussion of the whole robbery / burglary distinction . HTTPURL
positive	So I notice on SyFy website you can vote if April lives or dies in Sharknado 4 . Essentially they announced Shaknado 4 ... What a great day !
negative	" You 'd assume the Mets would love to have David Wright back by next weekend in Colorado , worst case scenario Monday in Philadelphia . "
negative	@USER David price done the same thing . And got his cunt kicked in a 2nd time
neutral	" I was vending on Saturday at the Eid at the MLK , Jr . Middle School I noticed a lot of people did not know ... HTTPURL "
negative	Nicki may have forgiven Taylor ... but I still think she 's corny for what she did .
neutral	louis and briana may be shopping today but she 's not the one who was introduced to the tomlinson squad during jay 's wedding today smh
negative	" waste time , just like watching on Friday and she said CHRIS EVANS BIRTHDAY YESTERDAY and "
neutral	I am going to see PAPER TOWNS tomorrow . Wanna come with ? @USER
neutral	Have you heard we have a NEW CLASS : Meditation & Mantra ? ! ? Every Wednesday 7:30 - 8: 30am with Being Yoga with ... HTTPURL
neutral	my mom stood up to congratulate Nicki then she sat down when she heard Taylor LMAO
neutral	" Why Christmas and not " " Holiday " " ? Us Jews ( and perhaps Muslims ) might want to know ? HTTPURL "
positive	" Paul McCartney said ; Great job ! ! ! i liked it ! ! Jul 31 , 2014 HTTPURL 21 songs for $ 10.00 Ken Dulin - HTTPURL "
positive	" Thanks , Christians , for giving us a 24 - hour break from capitalism , yet still helping to uphold it . I guess . HTTPURL "
positive	" OMG . I do n't know why I 'm just hearing " " Black Friday " " but J.Cole murked Kendrick big time . "
neutral	" Briana sextape " " End of the day " " " " Album out on Friday " " " " Break is soon " " Us : HTTPURL "
neutral	" Memphis May Fire , A Day to Remember , Alesana , Nirvana , the xx , Alt-j , Arctic Monkeys , the Offspring ... My jams man "
neutral	@USER is it at your house ? If you 're free at all tomorrow we can see if Curtis can come look at it ? Text meee
positive	" Im actually excited to record AW on Ps4 tomorrow , it been a while "
neutral	HTTPURL twsrc ^ tfw abc 7chicago Does n't look good for Kane and the Blackhawks
positive	Hanging with my Monsters on a Saturday night watching Sharknado ! They love it ! #Sharknado3 HTTPURL
negative	" @USER @USER @USER if it meant no scum mexicans , Muslims or Africans could go there I would go to Europe tomorrow "
neutral	Brock Lesnar had to have a very similar surgery to the one I am having tomorrow . @USER HTTPURL
negative	nothing like a little Lady Gaga on a Saturday night ... only it 's Friday night - my drunk mother
positive	National Ice Cream Day is tomorrow ! You 'll want to check these out . Are there Michigan additions ? ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Thank ' G-d ' #Trump delayed his visit to the ' Temple Mount . ' It may have damaged " " Israel 's " " sterling reputation "
neutral	NEW | | Niall at the U . S . Open today today ( Sept 2 ) # 2 HTTPURL
neutral	START PLANNING NOW : Thursday 12/10 DJ Hip Hop Club with Briana + Jazon in Palo Alto Save your spot on the dance ... HTTPURL
negative	I think this is seriously the worst song I have ever heard . And I 've sat through a bunch of Kanye West performances at these shows . #VMAs
positive	See you tomorrow at Dunkin ' Donuts in Hoxsie from 10-11 ! HTTPURL
neutral	" The 2nd Tom Brady reference of the Labor Day breakfast . Steve Tolman : " " Every #Patriots fan ... understands the importance of unions . " " "
neutral	" Anyone interested in 2 tickets to the Sunday , August 9th Zac Brown Band show at Fenway . grandstand 21 , row 2 , $ 70 per ticket "
neutral	Murray going for more swear words than south park the movie ! C'mon Andy you can turn this around ! #usopen #passion
neutral	" Frank Gifford , Legendary Monday Night Football Sportscaster and Husband of Kathie Lee Gifford / Frank had a great life & just missed 85 ! "
positive	Spirit week at my school ... Star Wars day is on Wednesday and I 'm in charge of bringing a game ... Hope these scrubs like Battlefront 2 ! > : 3
neutral	May God protect and guide our Nigerian army in fighting against the Boko Haram where is ex president GEJ with his fake Army to see .
positive	Had the chance to finally see both the Fantastic Four and Ant-Man . If I may indulge in a pun ... Big things do come from small packages .
neutral	Harry Kane and Barkley are the most overhyped English talents going . 2nd season syndrome for Kane for sure
positive	is it even possible to love anyone as much as i love chris evans ? ? we may never know
negative	Poor Shawn has no idea what April is talking about ! #PsychRewatchPjParty
negative	" ... Its the representation of Black People and Muslims that i am concerned about , they are conveyed as 2nd rate ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" White Sox take a 5-4 lead over Minnesota on Avisail Garcia 's 12th HR , Twins a game back of Texas for the 2nd wildcard "
neutral	" Voting closes on Tuesday , just to let you all know :) #MTVStars Lady Gaga "
neutral	" Totally different than Thor saying he 's " " got tricks up his sleeve . " " #TakeTheCrown HTTPURL "
positive	" Carly Fiorina was failing to crack 1 % in recent #IAcaucus polls . Today , she 's tied for a close 3rd with 10 % ! #CarlyFiorina #Carly2016 "
negative	Last week Brock Lesnar attacked a car with an axe . Tomorrow @USER is going to attack a human with an axe ... RIP Will Ospreay .
positive	In honor of the release of Star Wars : The Force Awakes this Thursday December 17th is Star Wars Day at NWPHS ... HTTPURL
positive	" With the sun on your face , Dunkin , Anna Karenina & the music of @USER how could anyone be in a bad mood ? #relaxation #selfcare "
neutral	Chuck Norris of the Prairie : Certain plants may keep unwanted plants from invading restored areas . HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	" That David wright home run has 8th inning , inning ending double play with bases loaded written all over it "
neutral	" Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina said Thursday that signing a Republican loyalty pledge is about " " your word " " but "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER Milan will play Sampdoria tomorrow and they ' will face @USER next if the qualify
neutral	" ISIS Threats Against Israel : ISIS Threats against Israel . In a new video just released on Dec 26 , IS leader al ... HTTPURL "
negative	@USER ... often said Bloody Sunday the biggest recruitment drive for IRA . Multiply that over decades and much larger populations
positive	Lord @USER and I killed the floor Friday when Bad Blood came on !
neutral	Ice Cube 's son could get it all and twice on Sunday .
neutral	Friday is the religious day of the week for Muslims ! Check HERE for proof : HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER RT : " " " @USER : NEW ( 2 ) Niall at the Mahiki Club in London May 30th ! ( Via @USER ) #1D ... " " HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER how many do you need ? I have to get them from mrs murray and we can meet sometime friday
neutral	. @USER ( - 7 ) and @USER ( - 6 ) are 36 - hole leaders in clubhouse . Dustin Johnson ( - 6 ) just starting 2nd rd . #wsaw #ThisIsMajor
negative	@USER You may recall how bad it was when the same people had Charlie Hebdo to blame for their own massacre .
neutral	I am so confused by this David Bowie musical . Is it really done forever after Jan 20th ? Or will it be back for a full run ? ? ?
positive	" @USER Are you a hot dog fan , Dustin ? Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day ... #HotDiggetyDog "
neutral	@USER it 's been a couple years . Right after IM3 but before Thor and Cap 2 . The first half of season 3 will be over next Tuesday .
positive	Iron Maiden are the only known cure to Monday .
positive	One and only time I am rooting for the Red Sox is tonight and tomorrow
neutral	" Abbamania or Night Fever : An Evening of the Bee Gees ( 7:30 p.m. , December 17 and 18 ) HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER @USER if ISIS does gain a foothold there , Israel may regret crippling Hamas ' efforts / ability to control the Salafists . "
positive	I also like very much the fact that George Osborne 's 21st birthday cake was a replica of Magdalen college #lad
positive	Glad I watched Twilight . Now I 'm not alarmed when I see @USER out in the sun
neutral	Grammy Award winner Sam Smith confirmed on Tuesday he will sing the theme for the next James Bond movie . HTTPURL
neutral	Travis Shaw homers to right and scores Bogaerts as sox go up 2-0 on the White Sox in the 8th
neutral	@USER Its 4th day of Eid here in KPK and all around the Muslim world .
neutral	Old school #wrestling from the @USER Do n't Miss Monday 's episode on Brock Lesnar defeating John Cena at ... HTTPURL
neutral	ok so I may or may not have bought some shorts at the concert that say Ed Sheeran across my butt
neutral	#PS4 Horror Game Knock Knock Creeps to PS4 on September 10 : A game created as the result of a mysterious email ... HTTPURL
neutral	" so @USER tease a secret " " 3rd person " " to join Dean Ambrose & Roman Reigns to take on Wyatt Family , then tweet a pic of em with Baron Corbin ! ! ! "
neutral	" So , if you have to go to work on a Saturday , what better way to start the journey , than with Nirvana ? @USER "
negative	" @USER @USER @USER Christianity may disapprove of lefty morality , but Islam will kill over it . Does n't make sense . "
negative	" Out or ALL THE GIRLS IN THE UNIVERSE , shawn MAY have a thing with a girl that annoys the fuck out of me gtg "
neutral	Do n't forget to grab tickets to @USER Nov . Have you seen @USER in ' Sharknado 3 ' ? ! HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	I have one ticket for Jason Aldean tomorrow . $ 20 and it 's yours .
neutral	Tom Brady speaking our for the 1st time since his win in court . Details at 3pm #WBZ newsradio
positive	Aye we 're on the 15th spot ! Keep on voting Vamily ! #MTVStars The Vamps HTTPURL
neutral	" Skills crisis is key flaw in George Osborne 's productivity plan , says CBI . Girls are the answer @USER - lets talk . HTTPURL "
negative	" This pic worry all " " Seculars " " too ... the way they created sympathy for Yakub , may create many more such with that .. HTTPURL "
neutral	" Oliseh returns next week for AFCON qualifier : Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh , will return to the country next ... HTTPURL "
neutral	so im guessing j cole dropping an album with kendrick on February .. am i right ? or no ?
neutral	" Boring Monday ? Cheer yourself up with this razorsharp parody " " we 're Nirvana . Sing distinctly ? We do n't wanna " " HTTPURL "
positive	" These ratings speak more to Naruto than One Piece . Not bad though , better than it usually did at 1 , somehow . HTTPURL "
positive	You can sell your soul to the devil but your ass belongs to Brock Lesnar .. @USER ... may just be the greatest ever to pick up a mic
positive	Had a very interesting day ! LOVED SIr Paul McCartney Live at #Lollapalooza thanks to a friend 's link on Facebook ! Night ! Cya tomorrow !
positive	" @USER Set a reminder : October 6 . Get ready to join the celebration around #AllDayBreakfast , Nicki ! "
neutral	" @USER @USER I hope the 2nd . " " Bad Blood " " have already peaked and the hype is kinda over . "
negative	Bhai jaan @USER it was not unintentionally u clrly mention Yakub is innocent may be ur driving it was night time u know @USER
positive	" You may have seen sexy , But you 've never seen Brea in nothing but my nirvana tee sexy . "
positive	" March 28 will be the first One Direction 's concert without Zayn as member . They 'll sing at a sold out stadium , over 90,000 fans ! "
neutral	Curtis set for second game in charge : Caretaker boss Alan Curtis set for second game in charge of Swansea as the search for Garry Mon ...
positive	Foo Fighters were incredible ! Know I 'm going to be dead tomorrow but so worth it !
positive	You 're going to miss me singing a Frank Ocean this Friday if you do something other than this : HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER I do disagree , but lets accept it for a moment , would you have opposed Good Friday because of support for IRA ? "
neutral	Just tryna figure out if the whole bye Felicia thing came from that and Ice Cube decided it would be good in Friday
positive	The new Super Eagles goalkeeper is the reason i 'm watching this game . He is so super cute . Tanzania'a sun is too hot for him abeg .
neutral	Twilight view of the City of Sin from my 28th floor room lasvegas Bellagio whatBPTC HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Milan , rates go into effect tomorrow , do you see nzdusd lower ? . TY "
positive	@USER Your talking Kylie im a celeb iv just watched her on TFI Friday chris Evans channel 4 she 's amazing a legandx
positive	Frank Ocean album supposed to drop tomorrow ... Let 's hope it 's true
neutral	" Yakub , the lone death row convict in the Mumbai blasts case , was hanged in Nagpur Central Prison on Thursday . HTTPURL "
negative	Briana added tons of shit from Sunday work day HTTPURL
positive	On Saturday Night Live set today with Amy Schumer ! HTTPURL
negative	Kanye West may be running for president but that does n't change the fact his wife has been pissed on my Ray J
positive	Wooooo Josh Hamilton just made tomorrow nights dinner plans half off @USER @USER walk off single in 7-6 win over @USER
negative	Everyone with common sense should be wary of Islam . QED on a daily basis Wariness Not a phobia . HTTPURL
neutral	Question ... is Ant-Man any good ? tempted to go watch it tomorrow
neutral	This may come as a shock to you but .. Georgia is actually John Cena #illuminaticonfirmed
positive	Eid 's 3rd day ... :) loving
neutral	" We have 3 tickets for the Orange Conference , Fri . 9/11 . Contact Shawn for more info . Check out this link . HTTPURL "
positive	Great day of sun and blue skies ! Great day of Sport ! Paul Dunne story of the day ! Aussies were n't half bad either !
neutral	he better NOT pull a frank ocean on us on God I will lose my shit HTTPURL
neutral	" Louis looks better then anyone from Kpop 1st , it 's " " than " " 2nd , Girl Louis do n't look better than anyone HTTPURL "
neutral	Participate in Independence day contest and Get a Chance to win Moto G 3rd Gen on 18 August 2015 ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER So , like a bar pie , but with disgusting cheese . As a fan of a major city 's 2nd team , I have deep sympathy for White Sox fans . "
neutral	Paul Dunne 's lowest round of the year in college for @USER was 67 . He just shot 66 in the 3rd rd of @USER & is tied for the lead
neutral	" Im a Cubs fan , if I find out tomorrow Kris Bryant worshipped the Cardinals , I wouldnt care one bit ... strange phenomenon "
neutral	#us Tom Brady discusses dealing with ' tough situation ' : Tom Brady addressed reporters Sunday and express ... HTTPURL #news
neutral	John Xena may have gotten his nose broke by Seth Rollins but Obummer nose when the both Korean bombs going to break or nation I follow back
neutral	I hope Israel calls for a day of cleansing both of those days . Cleans Israeli lands by any means necessary . HTTPURL
positive	I have a huge midterm tomorrow so I was listening to Iron Maiden to help with my anxiety but now I just wanna watch Game of Thrones :/
negative	Year-end IRA distributions may affect eligibility for the premium #tax credit HTTPURL via IRStaxpros
neutral	" Josh Hamilton and I are making our returns at the Big A , but Josh 's 1st since things went sour for him & #Angels . HTTPURL "
neutral	Rahul Gandhi wants to emulate Kejriwal . Says he prefers jail to bail.But Rahul may not come out and get convicted while in jail ! @USER
positive	Dreamed I met David Bowie at a coffee shop . Got to talking about music and he sat down with me for hours . Hope it was prophetic .
positive	Feels like the play ... David Price tomorrow in the Bronx Zoo . Go Jays ...
neutral	Here 's your starting TUESDAY MORNING Line up at HTTPURL Gentle Yoga with Laura 9:30 am to 10:30 am ... HTTPURL
positive	" @USER I would agree . Given that Milan are 6th , it 's fair to say they 'd be a top 3 side . - MS "
positive	Come celebrate National Hot Dog Day tomorrow with us at #spsmarket and get a $ 1.00 off any of our hot dogs all ... HTTPURL
neutral	" 2nd one is a trinidadian headdress i believe , which is nicki 's home country . im silent on the other 3 tho HTTPURL "
neutral	1st dress in this is McQueen from his very last collection I wore it to the MTV awards w / 3 discharged gay soldiers .
positive	I just can't wait for Ed Sheeran on Saturday
negative	" the liberal left is very intolerant of Christians , the libs want to destroy our rights , like the 2nd amend , along with our religion "
neutral	A little country on a Saturday Night with Jason Aldean and Kenny Chesney HTTPURL
neutral	" With Shawn 's death anniversary on the 21st , marking 3 yrs without him , well , my heart and crystal feel heavy . I know if he were still here .. "
neutral	@USER @USER I think Patels along with Togadia wants to scrap reservations for Muslims . May be a game plan .
neutral	" When Zayn sees niall bc N always changes subject when he gets questioned about Z , so he talks about their 5th album HTTPURL "
positive	" Join the Suns top dog , Southpaw , for National Hot Dog Day tomorrow at @USER from 11 am - Noon . Learn more I HTTPURL "
neutral	Once you 've finished reading Go Set a Watchman you should come along to our discussion group in store at 6:30 pm on July 29th . #GSAW
positive	" So I checked this out on the Google , today is ... ' Thor 's Day ! ' How much better is that than Thursday ? "
positive	" @USER Now I 'm thinking about Ice Cube , especially about eyebrow . Japan is almost 14th . I wanna go US to watch the movieeee ! ! ! "
neutral	" * notification sound * * checks phone * MLB At-Bat : BREAKING : Josh Hamilton is a triple , double , single and HR short of the cycle . Tomorrow . "
neutral	@USER @USER that when he went to hulk hogan party on Monday night #RAW 8/ 11/14
neutral	@USER and if you feel Lawful and that you are full enough . May Allah guide you aright and so He knows Islam has no beginning and no End .
neutral	Tom Brady joins @USER tomorrow morning at 8: 20 I 'll join @USER @USER for the debut of new midday show at 10 @USER
positive	" Roar by Katy Perry was # 1 on my 18th birthday , which makes it the theme tune of my life ! Find out yours : HTTPURL "
positive	Randy Orton vs . Sheamus to start the show . Interesting choice . Crowd may turn early ?
negative	Ancelotti getting the blame for not accepting Milan in June ...
neutral	White Sox have gone down in order following Alexei Ramirez RBI single in the 2nd .
neutral	why am I not going to the Foo Fighters concert tomorrow
neutral	Tony Blair also won 1994 Labour leadership with a landslide - yet JC still became a constant critic and serial rebel HTTPURL
positive	I 'm going out for breakfast tomorrow and I 'm going to tell everyone I see to buy Calibraska on iTunes @USER
neutral	" New York man plotted to harm Muslims , Obama with X-ray device : prosecutor HTTPURL "
neutral	" John Kasich 's immigration position on the Overton window has now shifted from " " Sensible " " to " " Radical " " #TheUnTrump HTTPURL "
neutral	" Tony Blair : George Bush and I were " " champions of peace " " ( no , it 's not April 1st ) HTTPURL "
neutral	The Paul McCartney concert may have sold out but the Ringo Starr concert is free if you buy 2 or more little Debbie snack cakes .
neutral	" Tom Brady answered some more questions Sunday , and this time he talked about Roger Goodell . HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	Or make a 4th installment for the PS4 since that 's one of their ips #ape #escape
neutral	" @USER @USER If God 's on the winning side of gay marriage , he may want to update his book and let a few million pastors know . "
negative	I still refuse to believe that Allah would make Eid a Wednesday this month . Ai n't no point taking a wednesday off work .
neutral	" 7th Trojans " " Black " " team getting it done at Milan up 36-0 in the 3rd qtr . "
neutral	Gucci bags heart arcanum may crown the bipartite thine unit drag also so as to all for animated : qZnvgUuKZ
negative	Wo n't be long before people will be trying to tell us Saudi Arabia and Iran have nothing to do with Islam HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci bags conscience settled belief march draw the veil the yoke yours personality in amalgamation in transit ...
neutral	" Its the September 9th , still no Frank Ocean album ... "
neutral	" the Bee Gees , pre-disco ( but also Saturday Night Fever ) at this point "
neutral	Curtis wants Swansea to break the mould in manager search : The Swans are currently languishing in 17th place i ... HTTPURL
positive	i may or may not be crying as i listen to calibraska for the 10372929472 91 time bc of how proud i am of jack and jack ( ( - ' :
neutral	Kanye West Declares He Will Run for the 2020 Presidency HTTPURL HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER She broke the law that says gay folks may marry . It is the LAW OF THE LAND . Stupid Michael Steele agrees ! ! !
positive	tomorrow will be the day I get up and go to dunkin in the morning I feel it
positive	Rousey obliterated Correia on Saturday ! Is she the most dominant @USER fighter ever ? #ufc190 #RondaRousey
positive	" The Top 5 Marvel Cinematic Universe Films of Phase 1 and Phase 2 : With the release of Ant-Man , Phase 2 of Mar ... HTTPURL "
negative	Maybe he 'll run into some of those Zionists who hate Christians . HTTPURL
positive	" Cate Blanchett Sighting : New York , New York / 8th Annual Museum of Modern Art Film Benefit , honoring the actress HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER haha . this is about to get interesting . if they awaken the inner Nazi in Germans , there may not be any Muslims left . "
positive	Heading to a barbecue this weekend ? July 23 is National Hot Dog Day ! Try making your own hot dog buns with our ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER not true . Kanes sitter , mason had 2 great chances and kane had another in the 2nd ! "
positive	" The new Iron Maiden album , Mobility Scooter to the Hills , is out September 4th . Bless these old codgers . "
neutral	" @USER @USER Iran deal , climate deal , fast track , Bush tax cut repeal just some 2nd term agenda items "
positive	The Foo Fighters rick rolling the westboro baptist church may be one of the greatest things I have ever seen
neutral	Join us Friday night after the Jason Aldean Concert for a special night of music with Corey Cox and Scotty ... HTTPURL
negative	" @USER Cynically , it may be that they realize their " " team " " is SO WEAK , that the less that is seen of them , the better . Draft Tom Brady ? "
positive	Seeing the positive comments about Bloodborne 's DLC has me even more excited for my Dark Souls series playthrough in January .
positive	Good birdie for Paul Dunne on the 3rd #TheOpen2015
positive	Tomorrow night we are starting some new programs ! Yoga session 1 starts at 5PM at the courcelle building and ... HTTPURL
positive	It may sound stupid but it makes me happy they 're coming to milan even though i wo n't be there
positive	" @USER Briana , TY for the Like of my quote . Glad you liked it . Have an enjoyable Thurs out in LA . "
negative	" Jeremy Corbyn poses national security threat , says George Osborne HTTPURL He certainly threatens the United Kingdom of Zion "
neutral	" @USER AVIS game ... Dustin Johnson 13th hole . Misses green with approach , gets 3pt instead of - 2 for missed GIR . #Correction "
positive	Thank you Frank Gifford for the many Monday Night memories . You 'll be missed HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER The day we start legislating from the pulpit is the day religious freedom dies . We may as well be Iran at that point
positive	" So , I get to work the Jason Aldean concert this Sunday at @USER ! Find me at the @USER booth ! "
negative	" Dandy Don , Howard and Frank are all now back together . Frank Gifford dies at 84 years of age . Condolences to his families . May he RIP "
positive	Yoga successfully negotiated with only a hint of knee collapse but no meditation today . Tomorrow is the one and all will be well .. in theory .
negative	President Thabo Mbeki urged Tony Blair not to invade Iraq but the British prime minister went ahead anyway . HTTPURL
negative	" Carly Fiorina is n't the 1st person 2 Xpose #HillaryClinton as Corrupt Liar , but it seems the press only cares 2 give a women any PC coverage "
neutral	@USER he may be considered a jabroni but at least he 's also the real . Unlike like no good jabroni finishing move stealer Seth Rollins .
neutral	" WWERollins , u may have 2 defend ur title against Brock Lesnar anew due 2 the Undertaker attacking him just as he was about 2 b WWE Champion . "
neutral	Prenatal moves to Wednesday at 7 p.m starting tonight AND an additional Pre-natal Yoga class starts Thursday 9/10 at 8: 45 with Heather !
negative	" I may be shit at guitar but at least I can work a broom across a floor , George Harrison you lazy fuck ! "
positive	" You will know when get to school on Monday because I will scream , " " Hey Guys it 's JOHN CENA " " and play the song when I enter . Thank you . "
negative	" C . J . Cron has dropped a popup , booted a grounder , and broken up David Price 's no-hitter in the 5th with a double #Angels "
negative	" just reading chris evans fanfiction and crying , usual thursday night stuff "
neutral	remember when we were all hype that frank ocean was actually going to drop boys do n't cry July 21st * sigh * good times (':
positive	In Rory 's absence Paul Dunne is representing Ireland well in The Open ! ! 1st amateur since Bobby Jones to lead going into the final round .
neutral	" The 4 colors most widely associated with HULK Hogan ? Red & Yellow , Black & White The famous lines from the anti-racism Sunday School song #Irony "
positive	" Foo fighters next monday with me mum , might have to score MD & get mashed up "
positive	yeon jun is freaking 5/7 yrs old and he 's already wearing a gucci shoes wHAT IN THE WORLD HTTPURL
positive	Wow did Carly Fiorina KICK ASS at the early debate August 6 .
neutral	Worth watching : Hamilton County ( TN ) Sheriff Jim Hammond 's Full Speech about Islam at the Pachyderm Club : HTTPURL
neutral	" WLS Quick Look " " Caitlyn Jenner - 1st Public Reunion with Ex Wife #Selfie " " HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	Posting another song for our Saturday as I feel like it ... Bee Gees with Night Fever HTTPURL
neutral	1977 Press Photo Ted Neeley in Rolling Stone the 10th Anniversary HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	Waking up to Chanel West Coast crying while being arrested may top that day I woke up to racist Hulk Hogan . HTTPURL
positive	@USER Kris Bryant voted by managers as the NL 's 3rd best defensive third baseman . HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Ringside for Mayweather fight so i could heckle that Rousey would have had the fight finished in the 1st round #DKMillionaire
negative	Tony Blair saying the application of military force in #Syria will ameliorate the support for #Daesh at home . Nope ~ > HTTPURL
positive	So I got my 1st professional beard trim done at @USER in Plano . Let me tell you there is nothing like it . Curtis is awesome !
positive	I 'm gonna get the Moto G ( 3rd Gen )
neutral	" Carly Fiorina fights back against HP layoff claims , says she doubled size of company HTTPURL via @USER "
positive	" No matter what Monsters ! So proud of yous ! Hopefully we won it for our girl , @USER #MTVStars Lady Gaga HTTPURL "
neutral	" What are you waiting for ? @USER coming to Milan on Mar 1 , 4 . Tix still available ! HTTPURL HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER If the IRA came active again tomorrow , just as big ( if not bigger ) threat to UK than muslim extremists . @USER "
positive	Ca n't wait for January 8 so I could lock myself in a dark room & listen to the entirety of blackstar.Weird David Bowie music is the best music
positive	i can literally feel my vision improving because of nicki and kanye ! ! tomorrow i will be such a good day ! !
neutral	The march of the Black Queen #MTVSTARS Lady Gaga HTTPURL
neutral	Only way the Blue Jays magic number can crop tomorrow is if White Sox beat the Twins
neutral	" Its Officially PGA week , Dustin Johnson was 2nd here last time , he 's our pick ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER Guess I 'm finally going to buy a PS4 on March 18th ! :D #Uncharted
negative	@USER @USER It 's the 2nd time . He blocked me from his 2nd temp account regarding Caitlyn Jenner . HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER no the IRA grew out of oppression & internment & Bloody Sunday & Ballymurphy & kids killed by rubber bullets &
positive	Austin Armacost confirmed for Big Brother : The Mirror has revealed that Austin was in the running for January ' ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Floyd Mayweather ranks Ali as just the 5th best fighter of all time . Of course , he ranks himself as No . 1 . #Delusional "
negative	@USER @USER Islam may be going through its Hundred Years ' War . Hope it does n't last 100 years .
neutral	Jason Aldean to get this Friday going
positive	" GLEN HODDLE : Harry Kane 's impact Friday was extraordinary . It was great to see Kane , the leading Premier League scorer , come on and score "
positive	" Miss USA on Sunday , wearing a hot pink strapless dress as she deftly fielded the interview BEST THINGS IN LIFECOME FREE TO US CUZ WERE OOOH "
neutral	it 's now September 6th and I 'm still waiting on frank ocean . where u at tho
neutral	@USER Yeah Z wants to go see it and I told them go for it i pass . Paper Towns is playing but I 'd rather read the book 1st
neutral	Anyone wanna buy a Zac Brown Band ticket for the 3rd ?
neutral	Caitlyn Jenner may as well donate her balls to the GOP since she does n't need them & the #GOP needs a pair .
neutral	Scott Walker : ' I hope in the future we 'll re-establish the Patriot Act ' - Washington Times HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER @USER was not the case . In fact 1st ( & greatest spread ) of Islam had no forced conversions .
negative	" when Briana was pissed at you and you just kept looking at me like " " wtf help me out " " HTTPURL "
negative	" She said she looked like janet jackson , bitch got out of the car looking more like Freddie Jackson #Friday "
neutral	Did you know that ' Frank Ocean ' was Trending Topic on Thursday 20 for 5 hours in San Francisco ? HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	So the David De Gea transfer saga is over .. Real Madrid have confirmed . He may well stay at #MUFC until the end of his contract at this stage
positive	Pink Friday is Nicki 's best . And the Pink Print is a sloppy mess .
neutral	Video : 5 things to know ahead of Milan-Hellas Verona : Milan continue the 2015/2016 season on Sunday afternoon ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER 18 Dec 2015 , The Provisional IRA still exists and it 's political Stooges in SFIRA are still controlled by the Army Council ... "
negative	Praveen Togadia is proving his inability to procreate now by calling for criminal action against Muslims.If you use Viagra it may work .
neutral	Kim Davis Standing Ground as Gay Couples Get Licenses : As the couples began receiving mar ... HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	@USER I 'm optimistic about Son . Looks like a great finisher and to have another goal threat may open up some space for Kane
neutral	" OK , looks like i can't stream till later . GF wants to watch naruto again so i can't use my 2nd monitor . Will stream when she is done . "
neutral	" It was a regular Friday night and Naruto sat in his office . Usually , it would n't be odd or unusual since that 's his job , to simply sit and - "
positive	sam smith tonight hoping tomorrow 's gonna be a better day :)
positive	I See Fire plus he looks like my crush ! ! ! I See Fire - Ed Sheeran ( Noah Levi ) | Finale | SAT . 1 HTTPURL via @USER
negative	I need to go to sleep I have school tomorrow and I have to wake up at the crack of niall 's white cracker ass
neutral	I have box seats for the Red Sox vs . Blue Jays game next Monday .. Anybody want them ?
neutral	" Cubs score another run off a Kris Bryant hit up the middle , but Rizzo thrown out at 3rd . 5-3 #Cubs #LETSGO "
neutral	C'mon Paul Dunne enough with the bogeys ! It 's birdie time ! ! #TheOpen #StAndrews #golf
neutral	" Sumlin says he put Kyler Murray in for Kyle Allen during 1st half as a " " change of pace quarterback . " " That pace : Fast . Murray has some wheels "
neutral	" @USER Nicki 's role may be essential , but it is not a role to defend publicly . Do you get what I mean ? "
neutral	" CM Punk posted the following on Twitter late Thursday night , in reference to the ongoing Hulk Hogan ( cont ) HTTPURL "
neutral	" Taylor told Nicki weeks ago she can come on stage if she wins an award & Nicki was " " nah bitch ima bring you on stage so I can do it 1st " " "
neutral	" Today is National Hot Dog Day . Thursday is already on that fufu lame shit , I ain't wit it . "
neutral	John Cena may not be able to beat Seth Rollins but at least he can stop a boulder and saved Scooby Doo #rekt HTTPURL
positive	Happy 9th anniversary to the group that brought me to kpop ! Continue slaying . #BI6BAN9 HTTPURL
neutral	David Bowie and Tilda Swinton Are the Same Person HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	1st match of the night its Randy Orton vs Sheamus #SummerSlam
positive	" It 's the Rd 1 Dustin Johnson show rearing its head again at another major . He leads by two , but Sat and Sun will tell the tale #PGAChamp "
negative	Saying you came in 3rd on Big Brother is just saying you spent 3-4 months not working for no reason at all .
positive	Happy Thor 's day Twitter friends ! #thursday #lol #cats #funny #humour HTTPURL
positive	I tell my new manager that I can't work on Thursday the 10th bc hello Ed Sheeran and he said that was fine but I 'm scheduled anyway :-) :-)
positive	Will this really be it for Mayweather ? : LAS VEGAS : Floyd Mayweather says he will call it quits after Saturday ' ... HTTPURL
neutral	Boohoo Miley called Nicki unpolite KIM CALLED HER EVERYTHING UNDER THE SUN just admit NICKI KNOW WHO TO TRY
positive	" i think i may have gone a little heavy on the frog harry , and a little light on how gay he really is , but im happy with my paper "
neutral	White Sox fan finds a sneaky way to stick it to the Cubs - Chicago Sun-Times HTTPURL
negative	Kanye west and piers Morgan have the same weed dealer ... HTTPURL
neutral	Amy Schumer backstage at the Hollywood Film Awards | | November 1 #GomezUpdate HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	#nowplaying Janet Jackson - Love Will Never Do Without You no . 1 at January 19 1991 at the #Billboard top 100 | @USER | @USER
positive	Alhamdulillah anew brother in Islam . May Allah continue to guide you on this path and make this journey easy for you HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Yes I may pop in to watch you stream Dark Souls , time zone permitting . Where do you stream , and what 's your user name ? "
positive	I did n't even know who John Kasich was before the #GOPDebate . I think he may have done the best .
neutral	Justin Bieber tells fans to buy NHS Choir song and make it Christmas No 1 HTTPURL
neutral	Tomorrow Never Comes - Zac Brown Band ( Not Acoustic Version ) @USER ... from the same album #bango HTTPURL
neutral	Thinking about going to Red Sox game tomorrow hmmm ...
negative	By 2050 Nigeria is predicted to become third most populous country in the world . Boko Haram may also become a grave threat to world .
neutral	Republican hopeful Carly Fiorina said Monday that she feels like the only candidate going after Hillary Clinto ... HTTPURL
neutral	3rd Round of the PGA Championship is live on News 19 at 2 . Dutch Fork 's Dustin Johnson tees off at 3:12 . ( USA Today ) HTTPURL
positive	" I kind of had a good guy to look up to , he was a 6th rd draft pick & he 's the greatest quarterback of all-time , #Texans Hoyer on Tom Brady "
neutral	" Yakub 's role in ' 93 March serial blasts is repeated , but very little is said about those who organized 92 December , 93 January Mumbai riots "
positive	Well I do love me some Ice Cube . I 'll give my opinion on Monday if we see it .
neutral	" Is this the best you can do , Sun ? Lol John Cena can generate more heat than this pffftt . "
neutral	Liam and Niall playing a teaser of a new song from the 5th album ! HTTPURL
positive	" Not a fan of Chris Evans , but TFI Friday with Alan Partridge is very funny ! Brian Adams was good to ! Run Run Rudolph Chuck Berry , brill ! ! "
neutral	David Wright is not in the Mets starting lineup for Saturday 's game against the Red Sox . #Mets
positive	" is here , may God bless u with happiness and joy . Happy Eid ? "
negative	Tomorrow Shawn is going to be an hour away from me and I can't go see him my heart hurts
neutral	" @USER just so you know , Sam Smith already recorded the song for Spectre in January . "
negative	This may be the worst season of Big Brother #BB17 will someone please make a big move !
positive	If you missed Ian McKellan reading lyrics to Bad Blood you need to right that wrong right now HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	I hope Tom Brady gets fucking clobbered about 699 times next Sunday
neutral	Travis Shaw hit his seventh homer Wednesday versus the White Sox . #RedSox
neutral	@USER : When Nicki see Miley Sunday : HTTPURL the accuracy
neutral	The fact twilight is on the tele has made my Sunday a little bit better
positive	Watching the Rousey fight for the 10th time . This woman just motivates me dude .
negative	@USER picking MVP in July is stupid .. wow were you marking off the days on your I luv Kris Bryant calendar to retweet this ? lol
neutral	You Vote ! Will April make it to Sharknado 4 ? #AprilLives : ' Will April make it to ' Nado number 4 ? YOU D ... HTTPURL ( LB )
neutral	Are the Sunday Mirror really ( still ) making up rumours about us signing Real Madrid players after what has just happened ? ?
negative	All these talkatives sef ... Shey you don clear your sef from the Boko Haram mess ? Aproko HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Are we on for Ant-Man on tues ? I think you said something about your shifts getting moved ?
positive	Frank ocean is the best thing out in music and this whole album supposed to come out in July and now it 's august 11th shit is breaking me
neutral	" @USER shawn 's tomorrow the jacks are Wednesday , jack and jack are already here tho and most likely at their hotel n shawn was on - "
negative	@USER It was a Article saying that Zayn is regretting leaving 1 direction pretty much bashing Zayn like the SUN Always does
neutral	Scott Walker says WI percentage of people working is 5 points higher than nation HTTPURL its been that way the last 7govs .
positive	Straight Outta Compton 's success hopefully convinces New Line Cinema to give Ice Cube the right budget for the last Friday movie .
negative	Carly Fiorina may have shined in Jr debate but ask all those HP emploees she laid off to appease stock price for shareholders of HP .
negative	" Sat in McDonald 's feeling like Real Madrid . I placed my order , paid for it , yet the goods have n't been delivered . #famished "
neutral	Off to Dunkin or J . C . O tomorrow with @USER
positive	New Adele album coming in November along with The Weeknd two days ago ? Now I need a new Ed Sheeran and Frank Ocean album and I 'll be good ! !
neutral	BRFTM SPORTS NEWS Cris Cyborg 's Nutritionist Says Fight with Rousey at 135 lbs Possible for Dec . 5 HTTPURL
neutral	" For the feature film " " GIFTED " " - starring Chris Evans - FITTING tomorrow FRI 11/13 - working MON 11/16 - ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Ladies ! Due to a scheduling conflict with our instructor , yoga will be TOMORROW instead of Thursday . Be prepared to limber up ! #LittleThings "
positive	@USER There is more Islam in Austria than in Saudi Arabia and the Gulf states . May Allah bless these Austrian folks . @USER
neutral	@USER lol you put effort then sat with Thor and held him and just watched me slave away
negative	Islam is on the march on the whole world and good people are keeping quite .. #RadioBiafra HTTPURL
neutral	Dustin Johnson moves to 6 - under through 11 . Clearly the strategy is to get so far ahead that penalty strokes on Sunday wo n't matter .
positive	No better way to end the night than with Paul McCartney . Until tomorrow ! #goodnightlolla #Lollapalooza HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER January 7th was the date of the last terrorist attack in Paris on the Charlie Hebdo magazine .
neutral	" I 'm going to be so jealous on Friday when I watch my friend buy his PS4 , haha . Oh well "
neutral	If Murray had won third set convincingly lets say 6-1 / 6-2 / 6-3 . He would have gone on to win the 4th set .
positive	Arrived at the 2015 World Expo in Milan . Visited the Slovenia pavilion Such nice people . Be in country Monday ! HTTPURL
negative	" More meta-textually , Ant-Man may be the worst movie in the Marvel Universe for gender roles . Of its ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Sam Smith Records ' ' Writing 's on the Wall ' ' for Spectre : It 's official ! Sony Pictures Entertainment confirmed Tuesday that Sam Smith ...
positive	Why is National Hot Dog day so close to 4th of July ? Is n't it the same holiday ? I have eaten so many hot dogs already ...
negative	This season of Big Brother is absolute garbage . If Austin makes it in the finale I may throw up #BB17 #Terrible #CastSUCKS
negative	ANT-MAN was the 1st time I did n't stay for a Marvel film 's post credits scene . The film was just one big teaser . Did n't need to see another .
neutral	@USER @USER @USER can't play tonight cause I did n't think id get any offers so I signed up to PS4 gfin but can play tomorrow ?
neutral	It looks like Nicki may be very small in person . Well small with a big butt lol .
neutral	" Well , now that I think of it I 'm gonna sleep and watch it on youtube tomorrow or something , Zayn 's not worth my extreme fatigue anymore "
neutral	Check out Newsha Tavakolian at the Saatchi Gallery in London . Her photos of Iran may interest some of you !
positive	Tomorrow I have tickets to get drunk and see Jason Aldean in Cincinnati with my bff Donna and I can't wait
neutral	" wonder how the rotation gonna look like . Harvey , Thor , DeGrom , Wheeler , who 's filling the 5th spot ? HTTPURL "
positive	Will someone go see Ant-man with me tomorrow ? I 'm dying to see it
neutral	" If somebody were to edit the CGI sharks from Sharknado into The Day After Tomorrow , I honestly would n't be able to tell the difference . "
neutral	" @USER Thx for the fol back . May God someday condemn those who mean to harm Israel , His chosen people . God bless your warrior spirit "
positive	@USER On the holy occasion OF EID Here is wishing that May the blessing of Allah Light up your way And lead u to eternal
neutral	Muslims Facing Tomorrow support Canada 's listing of the Iranian & Syrian regimes as state sponsors of terror . HTTPURL
neutral	" Yeah , Manchester folk love paying for Richard Leese 's meal ticket whilst he sucks up to George Osborne . HTTPURL "
negative	Carly Fiorina seems to think that 12 year old girls should n't be given the HPV vaccine . She may think it 's only for girls . Michael Douglas !
positive	@USER I mean it was announced UTD beat out Rookie Blue and UTD and Big Brother were the only shows that did well last Thursday !
neutral	SHAWN ON FITNESS : Walking your way to good health : Many of you may know that I serve on the Maryland State Adv ... HTTPURL
neutral	If my The Vamps exclusive @USER album is n't ready for pick up today like it says I will riot ! Been waiting since Dec 4 for it
neutral	Caitlyn Jenner opens up about fatal car crash : HTTPURL Jenner 's interview with Lauer on Wednesday & Thursday .
neutral	" Antwon Blake on whether he 'll take the first snap at cornerback Thursday vs Tom Brady : " " I believe so . " " "
neutral	" Carly Fiorina ditches the stump speech : Standing atop the Iowa State Fair soapbox on Monday , Republican presid ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Just seen a video of George Osborne which may well have been fascinating but I came away thinking " " he needs a lighter shade of hair dye " " "
positive	Coming December 11th & December 12th LIVE on PARTY 103 ! We celebrate the Epic 100th Episode of Curtis & Craigs ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Weird that she 's okay with gay marriage because it 's now " " the law of the land " " HTTPURL "
neutral	" If you oppose gay marriage on religious grounds , find me anything in the Red Words that say same sex couples are not allowed to wed . "
positive	Playin Dead Island with Iron Maiden blarin thru the speakers ... good Saturday :)
positive	" my English teacher has very long , thick hair and I hope he puts it up in leias buns for Star Wars day at school tomorrow "
neutral	" Good morning all ! A full house today , do ring if you have any problems . Tomorrow both Kenny and Murray are out of ... HTTPURL "
positive	Carly Fiorina on the Rise After Thursday Night 's Debate - She & Trump are like oil and water . HTTPURL
negative	Does PSPlus automatically push save game data to the cloud ? I think my PS4 may have died ? ? Hoping I did n't lose my MGSVTPO save data ..
neutral	@USER dude I 've already basically accepted that I wo n't be able to afford meeting Chris Evans . I may just spring for Hayley .
negative	@USER btw yakub was a good terrorist ! ! may he never rest in peace ..
neutral	@USER I 'll just get it tomorrow after I see Ant-Man with or without Coffey .
neutral	I need someone to take me to see Paper Towns either tonight or tomorrow
positive	" @USER I 'm too sexy for Milan , too sexy , too , sexy I 'm singing Right Said Fred to cheer you up this Monday "
neutral	" Frank Ocean really sold dreams uno , it 's the 19th of AUGUST and still no album "
neutral	@USER have n't you though that the Christians may be right and all the evil that islam does you will all go to hell .
positive	Going to see Foo Fighters in Edinburgh tomorrow night but for now it 's Madonna on Spotify shuffle .
negative	Funny Corbyn worries innocent people may be killed in Syrian war but does n't care about the people the IRA killed HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER he could totally sell out & have a 3rd act here . Phone Calvin , Sheeran , Adele , Frank Ocean . A chaotic album of bangers for hire "
positive	" Janet Jackson released more information about her new album " " Unbreakable , " " which will be out on Oct 2 , on her ... HTTPURL "
negative	What is chilling ? I get more stick from Muslims than I ever do from non-Muslims - am sorry it is the truth world - as much as it may pain
negative	" @USER regardless of what he may say , a former boxer smashing UFC 's biggest star last night was Dana White 's worst nightmare "
neutral	Hearing @USER will be the main event vs Umberto Lucci ( 0-1 ) in Milan on Sep 26 . @USER on undercard . CW 250 pounds .
negative	getting a call from saudi arabia on a tuesday morning is a slightly alarming way to start the morning
negative	" Floyd Mayweather picked a guy who has lost 3 of his last 6 fights as his opponent , and the boxing world hates him HTTPURL "
positive	@USER but then again . Real Madrid rule Spanish football . So they may still push it through even after the their window closes .
neutral	" Hero , anti-hero : one in the same ? Go Set a Watchman out tomorrow . American Masters HTTPURL @USER "
positive	My dad and I were the only ones who stayed to see the 2nd extra scene after the credits for Ant-Man .
positive	Burnin ' it down - timeflies tuesday 100 % better than Jason Aldean
neutral	He also picked Justin Bieber 's Baby but c'mon he 's just a kid . Ima let that slide . Haha !
neutral	black and white . Now I thought it must be April 1st because then she blurts out Kim Kardashian says I 'm Gonna Eat My Placenta Again ! well
neutral	. @USER @USER No this picture was taken in January after the Charlie Hebdo and Hyper Casher attacks
positive	@USER they need to move back to King 's Field already . Good baby step . Just Dark Souls in 1st person with tweaks .
positive	Frank Ocean is a lyrical genius ! Fuckin poet ! He may not be the best entertainer but my cousin can write some deep shit !
neutral	Remember when cooper kylah and I did the talent show together in like 4th grade to Katy Perry
positive	Tomorrow night we play David Bowie music at the inauguration of his famous exhibition in the Groninger Museum - ... HTTPURL
negative	I wrote this about the ' SAS response ' after the Charlie Hebdo murders in January . I suspect it 's still true : HTTPURL
neutral	Reminder : Go and see Ms . Murray first thing tomorrow morning in F206 if you still want to sign up for an interview !
neutral	NYFW does n't begin until Thursday . Y'all gonna get Nicki inadvertently cursed out cz mfs gonna think she stayed home .
positive	Ca n't wait to see Amy Schumer with @USER tomorrow !
negative	Israel does n't give a f * ck about the Geneva Convention - or human life unless it 's in their interest . #Apartheid HTTPURL
neutral	There 's a 50/50 % chance that Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter I should think so as well after what she did to poor Bruce
neutral	MGS V : Ground Zeroes ( PS4 ) will be Monday ! Sorry for the last minute change ! <3 #heroofgaming
positive	" BBC 's New & nbsp ; Top Gear & nbsp ; With Chris Evans Debuts May 8 - HTTPURL Gear ( yes , the BBC versio ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER and do n't get me going on Scott Walker , he raided 250 million to give The Miwaukee Bucks HTTPURL "
positive	@USER - Carly Fiorina really came off very well in her 2nd tier Rep debate . Jim you need an opportunity to the same with the Dems
positive	I really hope the weather picks up for Saturday and Sunday ! A wedding and Foo Fighters
negative	Wendy Williams sat there and literally made transphobic comments about Caitlyn Jenner and yet you do n't see anything wrong ? ?
positive	RIP Frank Gifford . NFL HOF . I remember him from MNF as a kid . Especially the Campbell game . Arguably best game ever . HTTPURL
neutral	Dana white just said McGregor looked great @USER weigh ins and made it easily.Thats 1st ballot hof just sayin stuff @USER @USER
positive	Looking forward to Thursday bc that new episode of naruto is going to have me on my ass
neutral	" @USER , you never know with big brother that may have changed the rules expect the unexpected #BB17 "
neutral	" Floyd Mayweather will step into the ring for the 49th time on Sunday , September 13 , where he will take on Andre ... HTTPURL "
positive	Just own the night Like the fourth of july #MTVSummerStar Katy Perry
neutral	Rehab update : David Wright strikes out looking to end the 8th . Mets strand go-ahead run on 3rd base . 5-5 going to the 9th . #Mets
neutral	" This is what Trump actually tweeted following the latest Paris attack , the moronic one is from Charlie Hebdo in Jan HTTPURL "
positive	Guess what everyone it is Thursday of a major so you guessed it Dustin Johnson is killing it - 4 through 7 #hewillchokeonSunday
neutral	" Tom Brady will be on the field Thursday , but will he have two rookie guards protecting him ? HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	George is LIVE tweeting during the premiere of Sharknado 3 tomorrow ! Join in ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Meet and Greet with Scott Walker in Harlan , Iowa on Wed . , August 26 #Iowa #Walker16 #ScottWalker HTTPURL Via @USER "
neutral	Ryan Braun leadoff triple to start the 9th . Casual . @USER
positive	I got two tickets VIP to Ed Sheeran tomorrow at the American Airlines arena . Hmu if you want them
neutral	Caitlyn Jenner fears she may be sent to nen 's prison over fatal car crash HTTPURL
positive	" @USER @USER I am so hyped for tomorrow , the clip at the end of Ant-Man was enough to get me excited "
neutral	" @USER did n't have a chance to listen Friday , thoughts on the Foo Fighters concert ? "
neutral	" @USER @USER no she does n't , but Caitlyn Jenner still has more bollocks than you sat behind that account "
positive	SHARKNADO TONIGHT ! ! ! OHMYGOD I AM SO EXCITED even though I can't watch it til Saturday ...
neutral	Tony Blair 's taken control of the Tory party writes PETER HITCHENS : Tony Blair 's Labour may have seemed ' moder ... HTTPURL
positive	David Price continues his dominance with Toronto Blue Jays : After a dominant Toronto Blue Jays debut on Monday ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Okay , imagine Dustin Johnson 's choke on the 18th green at Chambers bay . Now move his ball from 12 feet to two ... HTTPURL "
negative	Dark Souls series being the exception . After my 8th NG + in Demon 's Souls I realized it just was n't worth the stress .
positive	john cena may be the best rapper out there honestly i feel like crying when his voice soothingly covers my ears
neutral	Tom Brady wo n't talk about ' Deflate-Gate ' New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady said on Sunday that he ... HTTPURL
neutral	. @USER @USER Sunday column Praveen Swami : Yakub was just a small time smuggler
positive	Gucci down to the socks like I 'm Biggie Poppa . Babbbyyyy ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Now Rahul Gandhi says on #HeraldHauntsCong case , he 'll hold his Court in Parliament only tomorrow ! "
neutral	" Julia 's asleep on my shoulder , trying to waker her up with the Scott Walker & Sun O ) ) ) album with little success . "
positive	" @USER @USER yeah Murray 1st / 2nd , sproles for the 3rd down td lol "
positive	" I genuinely believed that De Gea would be a Real Madrid player on the 1 September . But good for us , we finally got one over Madrid #MUFC "
positive	Just score a seat at the Red Sox for Friday PM ! Woot ! !
positive	Tasty Tuesday : 15 Hot Dogs Around the World for National Hot Dog Day HTTPURL
neutral	Might just go to that Red Sox game on Friday
negative	@USER so you personally do n't have the right to say any sort of shit about them . a few immature ones may comment rude shit on briana
positive	" Let the Red Sox have their fun today like the O 's did Friday , Win the next two and go into NYY in first place . "
neutral	#nowplaying And the Sun Will Shine - Bee Gees #foobar2000 HTTPURL
positive	@USER Ed Sheeran was our wedding song in April . We 'd love to see him from the floor tonight ! #LiveBright HTTPURL
negative	Today is 9 months since the 26 March start of Saudi Arabia 's US and UK-assisted war on Yemen . There is no end in sight .
positive	101 % sure that I 'm going to have a break down tomorrow at Foo Fighters lol
negative	lol rt @USER Jul 17 How Louis & Briana met - - it 's actually kind of embarrassing ... HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	Happy independence day to all and jummah Mubarak to all Muslims in Pakistan may you celebrate it with great zeal and zealot
neutral	" From the new David Bowie album , available 8 January 2016 HTTPURL #DavidBowie #music "
positive	" it 's 9:30 am on sunday , so obviously it 's time for david bowie . "
neutral	Hatha yoga student would do well to learn about the play of opposites represented by the sun and moon . Start ... HTTPURL
neutral	I mean it 's decent but people are treating it like the 2nd coming of Iron Maiden . It 's not . Relax .
negative	" @USER No , just no . This is after the Charlie Hebdo massacre ... In January . HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER yea look at the 1st tweet of Briana 's failed tweets she posted ( she tweeted this pic earlier ) HTTPURL
neutral	Floyd Mayweather may have beaten Pacquiao but I bet you a billion dollars he could n't beat Kelly Robinson
negative	Misleading headline . But may this divided ANC-house soon fall . -> ' Boko Haram ' make a bid for Limpopo HTTPURL
positive	@USER So I 'm a bit late but I watched Ant-man . It was amazing and great job ! Ca n't wait for the 2nd one !
positive	" He may be the one ! #MediaCom salesman as he sings Sam Smith 's solo , " " I 'm Not The Only One " " ! #SingLOUDxPROUD LINK : HTTPURL "
negative	" US State Department is the last to have Eid , were they locked in a basement and couldnt see the Moon ? HTTPURL "
neutral	" Seth Rollins just out there stealing all of Finn Balor 's moves . What 's next , a Bloody Sunday ? "
negative	@USER may i also remind you Milan was one the original clubs punished in the scandle
neutral	Dean Ambrose vs Luke Harper ... again ... for the ... 20th ... time #RAW #WWERAW
neutral	" Just as it becomes 5-1 Red Sox , Arod hits his 29th HR , now 4-3 Baltimore . #bluejays "
positive	" I am so happy Niall still thinks Santa Clara was a cool show , it 's was one the 2nd American leg date I love him "
neutral	" @USER " " Bye Felicia " " is an Ice Cube line from FRIDAY . And , Suge Knight is a Blood ( Red wardrobe & immediate conflict with Snoop ) .. "
negative	21 November 2012 - 22 prisoners aligned with IRA group that killed prison officer David Black ended their 18 month protest at Maghaberry
positive	" i have the privilege of performing at the usher hall tomorrow , which seats 2,200 & has welcomed elton john , led zeppelin & david bowie ... "
positive	Have all Merry Christmas with your love ones ! ! ! Good Health and protection . May God Bless USA and Israel . HTTPURL
negative	So that 's why a few of my recent Iran opeds got turned down by the NYT . I forgot to add more on IRGC 's soft side . HTTPURL
positive	" The fam at @USER hit you with a really dope look at the upcoming " " Gucci " " Foamposite Pro ... available this Friday ! HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER Great job that you have done in your movie career , one of the best actors next to Chuck Norris . But you are a close 2nd "
positive	i 'm glad Nicki called Miley out but tomorrow the media gone have Nicki looking like another angry black woman . smh .
neutral	" Dustin Johnson 's career , with bunch of near misses at majors , reminds me of 1st half of Phil 's career . DJ will break thru , just as Phil did . "
positive	@USER you 've listened good man your 1st tip is to eliminate all allys to seth rollins ... J & J / Kane / Triple H / Steph Mcmahon .
negative	3rd wheeling with Jess and Sophie tonight to go see Paper Towns . I can see this going wrong
positive	Happy Monday everyone . I hope the week is off to a good start across the board . Here 's a Thor sketch by Mike . #art HTTPURL
positive	" In a reversal , Carly Fiorina now likely to make main stage at the next Republican debate : Carly Fiorina may ha ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER hey lads will you guys have the MGS V edition PS4 ' s in stock on Monday or is it online only ? I want one
neutral	@USER @USER the UN may recognise it Israel does n't therefore disputed its that simple
positive	" Extra tickets to Iron Maiden baby / / come with me Friday , do n't forget to call her and use actual words "
negative	Salt Lake Tribune - Man dies after Murray shooting - A man died Sunday morning after he was found shot outside a h ... HTTPURL
neutral	Well I guess I 'm going to Zac Brown Band at Fenway Friday . Actual lols because I 'd never go out of my way for tickets
neutral	I should work at dunkin . Get the donuts every friday .
positive	This is a lovely post about Zayn for those who still have issues with him . May make you consider things differently . HTTPURL
neutral	2nd half about to start ... forza milan
neutral	" Gay hip-hop star Le1f may have just out-Azealia Banks 'd Azealia Banks with his new track " " Koi " " . The video is MENTAL . HTTPURL "
positive	Did you know Sunday is National Ice Cream Day ? What 's your favorite flavor ? HTTPURL
positive	Happy Birthday Niall for the 13th ! Have an amazing day ! ! @USER HTTPURL
neutral	Sep 09 - 10:00 AM - Yin Yang Yoga with Andrea 6:30 PM - Hand Drumming Class HTTPURL
neutral	If it were Blank Space up for 7 awards tomorrow Taylor would sweep but since it 's Bad Blood she 'll probably only win 5/10
neutral	Gucci multitude jivatma desire january rehearse in extenso the bifurcated thine denominative gangway practice ...
neutral	" Frank ocean can't drop his album lol . The Weeknd , Drake , and travis Scott album about to drop . Yall might as well wait till October . "
positive	Amazing points made regarding the Sufi tradition of Islam . Very kind words . #MannKiBaat HTTPURL
positive	I can't believe I 'm going to see the Foo Fighters tomorrow !
positive	" OHMYGOD WHEN MACKELMORE SAT DOWN SHAWN WENT UP TO HIM ALL NERVOUS AND SAID " " hi nice to meet you im shawn mendes " " THATS SO CUTE "
positive	Jackie Bradley Jr . becomes the 8th player since 1914 to have 5 extra-base hits in a game . First since Josh Hamilton on 5/8 / 2012 .
positive	" What a round from Paul Dunne , and with that he could be going off in the last group tomorrow #TheOpen "
positive	" @USER but we must n't forget that on the 7th day , God gave us a Nicki - - Miley take down of epic proportions . Rejoice my child . "
negative	At the heart of the Boko Haram is the huge issue of poverty . These people have no reason to want to live till tomorrow . - #Oshiomhole #Edo
positive	Ice cube son and dcyoungfly should make a new Friday movie #ToMeIThink
neutral	" DTN Brazil : ' Paper Towns ' and 21 other books to read before you see the movie : On Friday , " " Paper Towns " " premie ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Watch the Fall ' 15 Trend Forecasting and Panel from New York , Milan , London and Paris only at Fashion 's Night in on September 9th ! "
positive	$ 1 monday 's at dunkin is the best way to start off the week :-)
positive	I just realized that I 'm seeing Ed Sheeran in concert on Thursday . Yeah still do n't believe it 's that close @USER
positive	5th day in ! I have lost the 1 kg I gained during Eid ( that I had lost during Ramadan ) 9 more to go ! I have ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER also if you want people to buy the game on the November 6th 2015 you need to do what you did for PS4 and they had no issues ! ! !
positive	I guess Zayn is going to be at the VMA 's tomorrow and I gotta go to bed so I can prepare myself . ZAYN WILL BE ON MY TV AGHH ! !
neutral	do n't think I 'm gonna watch the VMAs cause the boys are n't on and if Zayn performs I can see it later . plus school tomorrow and I like sleep
neutral	" Preview of the December issue , out November 23 : Cate Blanchett styled by Christine Centenera and photographed by ... HTTPURL "
positive	" I own the whole Twilight saga , and I 'll watch the first movie all day long like its my 1st time seeing it . Idc . "
neutral	" Every Human being is born with innate tendencies towards Monotheism , later in life his parent may turn him to other religions beside Islam "
positive	omg apparently the song from the mobile contingent march in is from naruto ...
negative	" I 'm just so boooreeed ... You never know , @USER I may be bored enough to draw you John CENA "
negative	" I think Dark Souls is made of crack . I have to kill the no story series , and start a new series for Monday . "
neutral	Not sure which IRA is for you ? I can help you answer any questions you may have . Message me to learn more . HTTPURL
neutral	" Kanye West married a Kardashian and now he thinks he 's " " the man " " and wants to rule the World as President ? I mean C'MON MAN ! ! "
neutral	Did you know today is National Hot Dog Day ? HTTPURL
neutral	Mariners thrive in weeks following a Sharknado movie release : The movie release may spell bad news for the Tor ... HTTPURL
neutral	So MFs just gon act like J . Cole and Kendrick Lamar did n't hint at dropping that collab joint in February ? ? ?
neutral	White Sox to open ' 16 season at Oakland : The White Sox will begin the 2016 season on April 4 with a four-game ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER @USER I may as well be Naruto with how much I like ramen .
positive	@USER the Iron maiden in the 7th race I 've seen a bunch of times . Really good horse . Big closer
positive	Paul dunne joint 1st in open . Brilliant golf from the amateur . #TheOpenChampionship
negative	@USER Cubs fans still complaining that Kris Bryant didnt come up til May now number in the dozens .
neutral	Is it me or WWE Monday Night Raw always starts with Seth Rollins ?
neutral	@USER @USER fuck just take her to the Compton swamp meet and may get lucky and run into Kendrick
neutral	@USER you may dress like nicki and amelia may dress like miley
neutral	Brock Lesnar Announced For WWE Live Event In New York City : Brock Lesnar has been announced for the October 3r ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Frank Ocean 's new album is rumored to come out tomorrow , it 's probably not "
neutral	Going to see the Foo Fighters Tuesday if anyone wants to come !
negative	Hulk Hogan . More like Bulk Fooligan . Some folks never know when it 's time to leave the room . He 's had his day in the sun . Time to go away !
positive	" @USER if you have a soul , a beating heart , common sense , out simply empathy you should not air the chiefs Thursday in favor of big brother "
positive	I hope Sharknado 4 starts with @USER saving April #AprilLives
negative	@USER May Allah bring an end to this killings by the Boko Haram militants
neutral	David de Gea is now considering a contract extension with Manchester United . Real Madrid may have lost the keeper for good . [ Marca ] #MUFC
neutral	" @USER BTW , I 'm OK with gay marriage , but The 1st Amendment , which GUARANTEES Religious Freedom trumps gay marriage @USER "
positive	see that dustin johnson is a co-leader right now . will take him serious if he is in top 3 on the final 9 sunday #pgachampionship
neutral	Dustin Johnson and Sunday 's just do n't work together
positive	I can't believe I 'm going to see Frank Ocean this Saturday yasss
positive	Just went to see Paper Towns with my friends . AMAZING ! ! ! Then we were driving home and we stuck our heads out the sun roof . Such a rush ...
positive	" Nice tribute to Frank Gifford , may he rest in peace #OnceAGiantAlwaysAGiant "
neutral	" in 8th grade , i was dead ready to fight niggas for saying Frank Ocean was gay bc like ... he 's bi . n apparently people can't get it through "
neutral	" Photoset : sunrise-has-gone : Iron Maiden performing Running Free on Top of the Pops , 13 November 1980 . This ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER no hun they take down the chart but the voting does not stop till the 25th #MTVStars Lady Gaga
positive	" . Kendrick Lamar , 9th Wonder , Joe Budden , Curren $ y , Wale , Young Guru , Tech N9ne ... all people I 've had the pleasure of working with . "
neutral	" @USER yeah , I 'm skyping with the whole family next Sunday when I get back from Milan . "
positive	Randy Orton the fucking truth ... 2nd favorite Wrestler behind Cena
neutral	" Coming Tomorrow , my response to the conservative dissenting opinion on GAY marriage . This one can get me killed by radical Christians . "
neutral	@USER sorry @USER but why should Muslims have to march ? Did the Irish after IRA ? No . Maybe stop bombing foreign countries for a start ?
neutral	" I was about to tweet " " I 'm going to fight Frank Ocean for trolling us with an old mixtape " " but then I remembered his verse on Sunday "
positive	ED SHEERAN next Tuesday ! ! with @USER #cantwait #ThinkingOutLoud #ateam #drunk #legohouse #sing #one #edsheeran
positive	We 're still on the 16th spot . We can do this ! #MTVStars The Vamps HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER Ya I know . I was frustrated & had my 1st ever Twitter over reaction . It was more me just hate losing to White Sox .
neutral	" #metro #news : Reborn Parma kick off with win in fourth division : MILAN , Sept 6 ( Reuters ) - Parma , kicked out o ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Was Wednesday 1-6 some kind of weird twilight zone parallel universe thing , and this is the real team ? "
positive	Rahul Gandhi at the 31st Plenary Session of INTUC Love Respect Support always . #RGwithworkers @USER HTTPURL
positive	my dad is enjoying twilight lmao ... he keeps tellin me to shush while i quote every 2nd line bc he wants to watch it
negative	Apparently the Charlie Hebdo attacks and the Friday the 13th Massacre happened in the same neighborhood in Paris . Bad neighborhood ?
neutral	if Nicki drags Miley at the vmas tomorrow i will literally drop dead
positive	" Still hyped rn ! Kris Bryant is my favorite player , he got his 1st walk off homer , the Cubs got an important W and are staying in the hunt "
positive	@USER Next Saturday do you want to go see Paper Towns and go for noms to celebrate ? :D
neutral	" #DirectionersFuneral watch this Kpop fans bc this is first and last time when you see yourself on 1st place in trend , you should thanks us "
neutral	RIP Frank Gifford . I remember him most for broadcasting on Monday Night Football with Meredith and Cosell . He ... HTTPURL
negative	@USER the kanye in israel tweet may have been the worst tweet i 've ever read in my life
neutral	" I celebrate Christmas , @USER , and I do n't believe in Christ . Just like I call it Thursday but do n't believe in Thor . "
neutral	" I get the impression that this guy does not like Kanye West , I may be wrong but that 's what it looks like to moi HTTPURL "
neutral	May 31st the Angels faced David Price on SNB as a member of the Tigers . He walked 4 batters . Only 1 run scored off it .
neutral	" @USER I heard @USER & @USER may have been in the office doing " " research " " on Caitlyn Jenner "
neutral	Just starting to watch Sharknado 4 the 1st time . Craptacular already . Cc @USER @USER
neutral	" Hello world n ' welcome to monday nite raw , startin things off the apex predator himself ... randy orton . #RAW "
positive	@USER definitely wish we were reading together and enjoying a cup of tea ! ! @USER BTW have you read the 1st chapter of Watchman ?
neutral	@USER dude ... You did n't know about GAY BY MAY ! ?
neutral	" This Sunday John Cena is going to march in that ring , fucking destroy Seth Rollins and walk out with The WWE World Heavyweight championship "
neutral	You 'd think with as successful a franchise as Sharknado they could splurge a little on the crappy cgi for this 3rd installment .
neutral	Curtis and Perkins going well in tandem for the @USER . 121/1 in the 22nd . Chasing the Hinds ' 228 . ^ BM
neutral	" I told my homie if I was a Naruto character I 'd be the 1st Hokage , he replied ' Well now I 'm Madara ' . "
positive	" Happy Labor Day this weekend ... or as Scott Walker calls it , " " Monday ! " " "
neutral	" Israel . This voluntary offering a community would hold your coat , you to the ocean , enjoying the Church , may be more useful "
negative	Why is Nicki always calling someone out on stage .. Bitch looks so trashy while Miley just sat there and took what she said with class
neutral	" Maybe the ponies in Ponyville have interesting things to talk about ! C'mon , Twilight , just try ! #Spikebot "
negative	" @USER @USER When Modi is after slaughtering Muslims , its difficult he may rule long . HTTPURL "
neutral	Email from Netflix : here is a film you may like ... SHARKNADO - obvs do n't follow me on twitter . No ta .
neutral	voting ends tomorrow at ten a.m. so can this tweet get up to at least a hundred retweets by the morning ? #MTVStars Lady Gaga
positive	i looked like a little jacob from twilight in the 5th grade
positive	@USER Happy Eid . My Queen May Allah accept your deeds . And bless you
positive	I think I 've listened to the same frank ocean song at least 50 times today .. and I will listen 50 more times tomorrow
neutral	I had a Naruto phase early sec sch late Pri sch I think . There was this NaruNata fancomic online called oranges in the sun I think
negative	" @USER Well said . However moron that Rahul Gandhi may be , he deserves that level of security @USER "
neutral	Nicki went from I want to thank my Pastor to cursing at Miley . That may beat what Kanye did to Taylor Swift .
neutral	" Between College football , Big Brother , and Impractical Jokers tomorrow night I 'm not gonna be able to leave the TV . "
neutral	" Looking forward to 4x06 & #Olicity tomorrow , but Felicity did n't mention Oliver once to Curtis ? I would brag just a bit HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER My dream is to meet Katy Perry , on 6 October in Chile , please help to keep it , will only be a few minutes , just a photo .. "
negative	#CoppaItalia : OFFENSE ! ! Milan yellow card in the 4th minute for A . Bertolacci . #samac HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER @USER @USER IF CARLY FIORINA IS ON TICKET I STAY HOME 1ST time in LIFE ! She 's just a #JOKE spoiler
neutral	@USER whatever clr you may give to Pakistan it will shine ... coz it is created in the name of Allah and ideologically on Islam ...
neutral	Full video of my Kpop prod number last Saturday at the SM MOA Center Stage for KCC 's 2015 Pinoy K - HTTPURL
neutral	Here 's your fair warning that tonight I 'm taking a break from serious topics and watching Sharknado 3 . With wine . And may tweet about it .
neutral	Bad Blood is nominated for practically every VMA under the sun and I 'm surprised it 's not in the ' video with a social message ' category
neutral	@USER @USER Not just the IRA . HTTPURL
negative	Tell me if 14th can be used for Gay marriage then why was n't it used for @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER
positive	Tomorrow I 'll be at kids club orientation and then in the pit at the Sam Smith Concert . This makes me so happy .
neutral	@USER hoping i 'm close for Lolla to give you a camera for #ALMfancam bc there 's no way i can be early / miss Paul McCartney on Friday
neutral	" Taylor Swift is putting feud rumors to rest ! On Saturday , the " " Bad Blood " " singer surprised fans when she brought ... HTTPURL "
positive	The only thing that will be getting me through tomorrow is the Sam Smith concert
neutral	" David Price gets 1st win as a Jay , going 8IP - 11k - 1ER ! "
neutral	#BlueJays Score update : Currently in the Bottom of the 5th inning trailing the Red Sox 5-2 . #BlueJaysBaseball
positive	" @USER LOL the only things that matter to me about February is Janet Jackson . Plus she is apart of Black history , so win-win . LOL "
positive	We get a 2nd Christmas in February with Kendrick and Coles collab album
neutral	" Fights in the Jets locker room sound way more exciting than a Floyd Mayweather fight , I may have paid $ for that #Jets #Mayweather #NFL "
neutral	" @USER @USER Still looking for " " not infringe on Gay marriage " " in the 2nd amend , gimme a minute . "
neutral	" Mishra , Roy , Pant Hope they do n't carry the Hindutva tint in judgements . For Yakub , For Life ! ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Gucci plenty motive force stock august tower the duplicated thy hand fellow feeling collateral into the negati ...
neutral	" 5 months without Zayn " " the 5th album is finished " " niall is turning 22 #1YearSinceFireproof Today is Cam 's b-day HTTPURL "
positive	Way Back Wednesday ! Way Back Song of the Day ... Ice Cube - It Was A Good Day HTTPURL
neutral	Are we just going to ignore the fact that Ice Cube got his ass whoop by Ricky Smiley at the beginning of Friday After Next ? ? ?
neutral	this shows how MUSLIMS conquered #Damascus in the time of 2nd caliph UMER this needs to be repeated . HTTPURL
positive	" CNN adjusts GOP debate eligibility such that if the debate were tomorrow , Carly Fiorina would be in . "
neutral	" May Allah forgive me if Im wrong for saying this but I think Allah is testing Muslims with wars , etc to purify us and wake us up "
positive	David Wright will play in his 1st game since April 14 . Wright sat out after being diagnosed with spinal stenosis . HTTPURL
neutral	" Moto G 3rd Gen , Moto X Play , Moto X Style : which one is for you ? HTTPURL #android #feedly "
neutral	Big Brother will be on CBS ' sister stations tomorrow because of football . I 'll make a list of all the changes . #BB17
positive	It warms my heart when I see Muslims on here wishing Christians a blessed Sunday . And when Christians do the same on Friday Muslim prayers
neutral	" Toby or Floyd Mayweather , the world may never know "
neutral	Murray and Anderson have had 3 hour and 16 minute match and they are only going to the 4th set ...
positive	Dustin Johnson again proves he may be best golfer on the planet on Thursday Friday and Saturday ... just not good when matters most . #Sunday .
neutral	If Sheamus has a concussion then Randy Orton may be placed in the Cesaro / Owens feud . #RAW
positive	@USER February when J Coke and Kendrick colab come out that thing is just gonna burst into flames
positive	@USER Boruto : Naruto the movie will be in American theaters October 10th ! We gotta go see that shit ! it 's fucking epic !
positive	" @USER RT : " " Congratulations Miss USA 1st runner up ! So proud to have @USER represent the RG ... " " HTTPURL "
positive	" No Matter How Painful it May Be , Doing Your Best Will Open a Path ( Naruto ) "
positive	Congrats to Aiden Wagner who scored his 1st BCHL goal in his 1st preseason game vs . Prince George . He was named the game 's 3rd star .
neutral	I know SiR writes for a lot of ppl but listening to Seven Sunday 's would n't be surprised if he had Frank Ocean credits .
neutral	The strategy behind playing Madrid & Milan on the Tues & Wednesday before a Saturday game @USER Old Trafford ? Was it a few quid for DL to trouser
positive	" National Ice Cream Day arrives this Sunday , July 19th , and you can celebrate by diving mouth-first into free ice ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Remember when Tony Blair conceded the link between Iraq war and ISIS ? Yeah , do n't forget about that . HTTPURL "
neutral	#Marlins announce 2016 home schedule . They open April 5-6 vs the Tigers . The Royals and White Sox also come to town from AL .
positive	It 's Friday . 3 day weekends upon us . Won Red Sox tickets for tonight . And I get out of work early to go #Winning #BestFridayEver #MommyNMe
neutral	Scott Walker wants a wall between USA and Canada HTTPURL Pull the Ottawan . I 'll have Nunavat . Yukon not be serious .
positive	* Overhears a conversation about John Cena * ARE YOU READY FOR THIS SUNDAY NIGHT WHEB JOHN CENA DEFENDS HIS TITLE AT WWE SUUUUPPPEERRR SLAAAAM
neutral	Sunday Gravy : Red Sox take another misstep with Don Orsillo HTTPURL
positive	Yoga tomorrow at 7:30 pm at Illuminate ! I can't wait to see you guys there !
positive	First football match of the season today and Foo Fighters tomorrow #IfCarlsbergDidWeekends
neutral	" Tifosi , are you ready to meet #Kimi7 at the new #FerrariStore in Milan tomorrow morning ? HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	Who rises as Scott Walker falls ? : On the Sunday shows there was a vivid contrast between two conservative ... HTTPURL
neutral	Sting is not being advertised for any RAW events leading up to his WWE Title match with Seth Rollins at NOC on Sept 20th in Houston
positive	Kendrick Lamar has surprised us with an extraordinary freestyle on black friday . he got this inspiration from the legendary J.COLE
positive	Kris Bryant keeps the #Cubs rolling with 2 out 2 run single in the 1st ! 2-0 #CUBS
positive	Looks like Shawn is heading to Norway for a show on the September 17th ! This is slowly becoming a small EU tour again !
positive	Cool ! A Tiny Milan Apartment with a Magical Disappearing Kitchen HTTPURL via @USER #Design #Decor #Organize Wednesday .
neutral	also if they were gonna break up why did n't they just do so in march when zayn left wheres the logic
negative	FOX NEWS screwed Rick Perry . NBC / WSJ poll left out by FOX so John Kasich would get the 10th spot in the debate . FOX NEWS ? NO ! FOX CROOKS !
negative	Monday ... watching Paper Towns and I do n't even know jack shit what its about T_T ; ;
positive	I still believe I was the first person to listen to Sam smith in bmt ... since 8th grade HTTPURL
neutral	" Thinking about quoting John Cena in my job interview on Friday . That can only go down well , right ? "
positive	see everyone at Dunkin tomorrow we 're all gonna need it xoxo
neutral	@USER why Iran pursuing nuclear ? They sit on 4th largest oil reserve in world . Has all the power it needs . Unless its just about the bomb
neutral	" Tiger Memon - Yakub , it 's your birthday on 30 Jul , so what 's the plan ? #YakubMemon - Nothing , just hanging around ! ! #PoliticsOverTerror "
neutral	Jonathan Lucroy walks with one down in #Brewers 1st but Ryan Braun grounds into 4-6- 3 double play . It 's 0-0 after one .
positive	The Foo Fighters are playing The MK Bowl this weekend . Did you see Bowie or MJ at the bowl ? Planning a mini feature for my Saturday Show x
positive	" Of the 2 Milton Keynes setlists the Foo Fighters played this past weekend , the Saturday was definitely the better one . Glad I was there "
neutral	" Real Madrid : David de Gea 's dream move to Real Madrid may have been crushed , but he will just have to get his ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Almost a week since Paper Towns just released on last Friday but I HAVEN'T even see it .
neutral	Everybody worried about Kanye west running for president in 5 years but I still do n't know what I 'm eating for breakfast tomorrow
negative	" listen , FYF is Saturday . if the album is n't released ( or addressed at least ) by then ... it 's over folks ! Frank Ocean is n't thinkin ' bout you "
positive	" After four long months , the heart & soul of the @USER returns to a 1st place team . Welcome back , David Wright : HTTPURL #Mets "
positive	It 's as if Larry Nance wields Thor 's hammer everytime he throws it down like that . Valhalla almighty . HTTPURL
positive	1st match of the night is Randy Orton vs Sheamus . Sensible choice considering that Sheamus is the Money in the bank winner .
neutral	Gucci breeches persona suspension of disbelief july blossom the couplet yours peculiar fellow feeling continua ...
neutral	" Just bought Dark Souls too . I 'll finished them , even if it may put my laptop 's life in danger . "
positive	" Wow , walk off win for the Cubs ... Kris Bryant HR with 2 outs in the bottom of the 9th inning "
neutral	Since @USER ditched me who wants to get dunkin with me tomorrow morning ? I 'll drive
negative	" Stylistically this is a horrible match up for Rousey , look at the stats . I wo n't be surprised if Rousey takes the L in January #UFC195 "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER For sequel question is if Imtiaz Ali ready to act as Yakub . He played the same in black friday
neutral	@USER Any chance that you guys will be offering the new Moto G ( 3rd gen ) in the near future ?
negative	" No Streamerino tonight , I am too tired to get continuously rekt in Dark Souls . Watch me die tomorrow instead ! "
positive	My dad and sister will try out Daredevil series tomorrow . They really liked Ant-Man when I recommended it to them ... HEHEHEHEHE !
neutral	John Kasich is now the HTTPURL #campaign2016 #TheLiesWeTellKids #earthquake #ExplainEarthToSpaceAliens #NathanSykesGMA
negative	" By Hadeel Al Sayegh DUBAI , Dec 24 ( Reuters ) - A fire at a hospital in Saudi Arabia killed 25 people and injured more than 100 others as it "
positive	Dustin Johnson doing it again on a major Sunday . Unreal .
neutral	" @USER @USER Yeah Jeb and you fully support & trust the Germans . Germany backs Putin , Iran & Assad . HTTPURL "
positive	You can come hang out with us ... Incredible Art Gallery 15th and Curtis ! #disney #disneyfineart #denver HTTPURL
positive	" Well at least we got Miguel , frank ocean and the weeknd HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER We may say this . But on the othor hand some ' Muslim thekedar ' supports terrorists like Yakub like a hero .
neutral	Stephanie Grace : Why I want to see Bobby Jindal and John Kasich debate HTTPURL via @USER
neutral	@USER Nope tomorrow uefa will decide as real madrid couldnt load up the document
neutral	" I mean , the Tigers may be having a horrifying season but at least they do n't have to wear those White Sox throwback uniforms "
positive	omg happy 2nd birthday to the baby that i 'm most obsessed with ! ! ! to little monkey prince george ! ! ! stay adorbs cutie
negative	Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charge in deadly crash HTTPURL via @USER GOOD ! So selfish not above the law #jail !
neutral	Dean ambrose with roman reigns vs Luke harper with bray Wyatt now on wwe monday night raw 8/ 10/2015
neutral	#SW5 Yoga for Running is on this Thursday 6-8 pm in QN001 . E ; ysjactive@yorksj.ac.uk to book or just turn up #wellbeing #GetInvolved
positive	Woke up for the 2nd day in a row with Calibraska still being number 1 . Proud is an understatement
positive	did @USER ever meet @USER ? was so proud to be a Nirvana fan when they did the benefit gig in april 93 @USER
positive	Sebastian 's going to be hanging out with Shawn in October .. They better take lots of pictures together
negative	@USER @USER I have n't seen any evidence ? On the 16th of October you pinned f #ck Israel ? You sir are racist .
positive	" ' Rowdy ' Roddy Piper , wrestler known for rivalry with Hulk Hogan , dies at 61 - Washington Post : Chicago Sun-Tim ... HTTPURL "
positive	" I 'll finally be purchasing a PS4 in October ! I 'll be one of the cool kids ^ . ^ oh and my kill to death is pretty insane , watch out on COD ;) "
neutral	" David Price , the Anti-Kessel . My column : - Steve Simmons HTTPURL "
neutral	John Waters recently pondered why we can't make fun of Caitlyn Jenner . I wonder the same . All 's fair on Halloween ! HTTPURL
positive	" zayn 's voice : c'mon guys you can do it , nobody can drag you down . #DragMeDownMusicVideo HTTPURL "
positive	When your friend asks if you want to go and see Paper Towns tomorrow HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER the point is selective justice ha made ppl sceptical of judiciary . They may genuinely feel Yakub was innocent
neutral	" Tomorrow 7:10 @USER - I 'm catching " " 33 " " , and the real " " Trainwreck " " on DVD is n't the Amy Schumer comedy . Listen : HTTPURL "
neutral	" REVIEW : PHI @USER MIL B1 - 2o : Phillies challenged ( play at 1st ) , call on the field was overturned : Ryan Braun grounds out , shortstop Freddy ... "
positive	" @USER Allie & briana sitting in a tree . K-I-S-S-I-N-G . 1st comes love , 2nd comes marriage then comes Briana with a baby carriage "
positive	" Watching the Bad Blood premiere at #TheStanGRAMMYs , but planning to release Feeling Myself vid tomorrow . HTTPURL "
positive	" Glasnow is nearly identical to 2008 David Price , who got the call up and was outstanding as a reliever in Sept / Oct . HTTPURL "
neutral	" A Rwandan pastor has made the record of conducting the largest conversion of Christians to Muslims on Tuesday , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	13 days until the boys . 25 until ed . i miss shawn . tomorrow is the first day of school . i 'm sobbing .
negative	what 's wrong with society ? what 's wrong is people like you . ignorant . I 'm disgusted . Kanye West may be unqualified + HTTPURL
negative	" Sunday was " " National Ice Cream Day , " " and today is " " National Junk Food Day . " " " National Type 2 Diabetes Life , " " is just around the corner , ppl "
neutral	Anybody know the timings for Foo Fighters tomorrow ? When do the supports come on ?
negative	" Only stuff I do n't watch is Twilight , ' cause it 's rubbish . Love Star Wars & Potter , but Han Shot 1st & Nevill is the real hero . #SBSPopAsia "
negative	Trying to keep up with Scott Walker 's position on the issue of the 14th Amendment is about as easy as herding cats . HTTPURL
neutral	World champion wrestler Hulk Hogan finally may have met an opponent he can't beat : his own mouth - tvonline
positive	" another 17 hour work day done . Time to relax watch new episode of NARUTO , then get ready for First Friday at Barcode . "
positive	Counting down the days for Rolling Stone Pool Side Party ! Sat 22 August 2015 at 3pm HTTPURL
negative	if frank ocean wanna be stingy & act dead then ima treat him dead . my condolences may he RIP @USER @USER @USER
negative	So sad to see Muslims support gays in name of equality . May Allah treat you both as gays on the day of judgement .
positive	" Ca n't wait to see #WWE #RAW tonight , after #SummerSlam , this is the 1st time we 'll see John Cena without any title around his waist "
neutral	" @USER * Thor gets down from his throne and walks towards them , he bows * Thor : may I dance with you , my lady ? * Loki looks at him + + "
positive	Congratulations to @USER confirmed 2nd toughest ultra on this platform behind myself . Up the IRA
negative	Sam smith just came on . I sat down . I will not rave to that guy
neutral	@USER then you would be so good that they would ask you to be there 5th member and you would mend there broken hearts after Zayn left
positive	Rolling Stone and The Zone are the best songs on Thursday
positive	Ca n't wait until Thursday night for football and watch the best QB Tom Brady come out onto the field a starter and finally be free . #goPats
positive	It does look as if George Osborne had his 21st in the old viewing lounge at Windsor . HTTPURL
positive	V v excited for twilight sad at the barras & this rare Saturday off . Thank you .
neutral	' Ryan Braun ' appeared on Monday 13 at the 11th place in the Top 20 of Milwaukee 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
positive	Good going Paul Dunne #BritishOpen #Amateur ... Tied for lead and on 18th
positive	@USER 8 am I want to give you tickets to see JANET JACKSON Sept 8 @USER @USER @USER HTTPURL
positive	Carly Fiorina 's rise in polls may mean inclusion in the next GOP debate HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	One for the diary - Tony Blair is due to give evidence to the Foreign Affairs Committee next Friday to discuss Libya
positive	So I 'm in Dunkin waiting for my car to get inspected and I 'm pretty sure el chapos friends just sat on either side of me
neutral	" Lonely star , Thurs , the zone , gone , rolling Stone HTTPURL "
neutral	Are you gonna buy Calibraska and have it on repeat while you cry tomorrow ? HTTPURL
negative	" Hulk Hogan may be a liar , a pig , a cheat , a racist but he is NOT a pornstar ! "
positive	Got the one direction perfume last night and getting the justin Bieber one tomorrow I 'm a happy girl :) ) )
positive	More and more I listen to one of Jason Aldean 's songs the more and more I want to go to his concert Saturday
neutral	" The birds pt1 & pt2 , rolling stone , gone , the zone HTTPURL "
neutral	" #TeamFollowBack Another pageant , another Q & A fail to make you question our educational systems During Sunday 's Miss USA p ... #FollowBack "
positive	" You would think being the first Music Video without Zayn , it may not do so well , but in reality it 's freaking awesome #DragMeDownMusicVideo "
positive	Catching up on films tomorrow with 2nd watch of Ant-Man in 3D . Then 1st watch of Maggie and Southpaw . #Southpaw #Films HTTPURL
neutral	" March to Madness : The GOP field grows to 16 , so we 've got a bracket for you : With Ohio Gov . John Kasich adding ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Waste your Friday playing the new Iron Maiden video game ! HTTPURL
negative	Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi of making false promises to come to power and said he ...
neutral	Scott Walker slips from 1st in IA polls w / the caveat these polls reflect broader grp of GOP voters than caucus-goers HTTPURL
positive	Before We Go ( Blu-ray ) BRAND NEW just released 2015 Chris Evans : $ 1.25 ( 2 Bids ) End Date : Saturday Nov -14-2015 ... HTTPURL
negative	A district with links to Madrid 's and Charlie Hebdo 's terrorist attacks . A good take on it : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Fact : this was 8th grade at 5:00 pm ... I was as dramatic as Kim Kardashian when she had psoriasis .. HTTPURL
negative	" Kris Bryant hurt , Joe Maddon ejected in today 's Cubs game , and it 's only the 6th inning . HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	National Hot Dog Day on Throwback Thursday ? All the stars have aligned . @USER #Indians #TBT #NationalHotDogDay HTTPURL
positive	Chuck Norris is the only jan to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis .
negative	British and Europeans also thought Hitler was not a threat either . Russians were nice and Muslims just misunderstood HTTPURL
negative	Seeing Ed Sheeran on Thursday means I have to miss the Big Brother live eviction episode . The struggle .
positive	@USER @USER is throwing a free show on sunday labor day weekend featuring some of the top locals at Nirvana in San Antonio !
positive	" @USER hair , it 's downtown on 10th st.Gucci & Dani does nice hair "
neutral	SCJ News : DVD REVIEW : Amy Schumer 's begins a long film career with ' Trainwreck ' : Amy Poehler and Tina Fey may ... HTTPURL
positive	We start the morning with news that Floyd Mayweather will face Andre Berto on Sept 12 ! Odds : HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	I like how Thor is bragging about making Esky uncomfortable as if he did n't give up 6 hits and 3 runs in 1st 2 innings .
positive	" #Happy birthday Yakub , may God make you human next time .. "
neutral	" #GetShawnToYourCountry #GetShawnToMexico ending the 10th day of our , all ready known mission " " get Shawn here " " . Tomorrow I will keep trying . "
positive	Iron Maiden Trooper British Beer smashing through 10 million pint barrier just 2 yrs special limited edition Trooper 666 be available Oct
positive	" Elwira will be singing Bad Blood , may the God 's be with her #IdolsSA "
neutral	So far Chris Sale is sitting at 5th place for White Sox single season k leaders with 227 .
neutral	I think the girl that looks like Amy Schumer may go home tonight . #thevoice
positive	Holy sjit I 'm going to see Niall dancing in front of me tomorrow
positive	Nirvana on the radio . Happy Tuesday
positive	It 's not really a Sunday until you 've listened to some frank ocean
positive	sick Dark Souls 2 stream action was had ! Abledorfenheim .. the legend . we shall continue tomorrow !
negative	@USER My old building was blown up by the IRA . On the 10th anniversary they called in a bomb in a bin outside .
neutral	My sources in Ethiopia tell me that De Gea is a Real Madrid player . The deal was completed and the player will be presented tomorrow
neutral	I have no idea what I 'm going to wear tomorrow lol . I should be like Kim Kardashian and wear like three different outfits lol .
neutral	@USER @USER We may have our qb . Tell me tom Brady could n't win with our wr group ?
neutral	Do n't act like Azealia wo n't jank Nicki in her shit . She may be a skinny but she got them four weights .
neutral	" @USER @USER perhaps Russia does n't want to alienate Israel & its mafias , but then they may lose huge opportunities with Iran in future "
neutral	" Kevin and I are selling our Jason Aldean tickets for this Thursday . If you are interested , let us know . "
positive	@USER Happy Iron Maiden Friday to you too
positive	Celebrate the life and music of George Harrison with a free special streaming event on 25th February . HTTPURL
neutral	" Its just the 3rd week for god 's sake professors need to chill , just because Eid is coming does n't mean everything has to be done before Eid "
neutral	Witsel intermediary : If Milan wants Witsel than he is ready to land in Italy tomorrow or today . HTTPURL
negative	Boko Haram on Saturday claimed responsibility for attacks in Chad 's capital N'Djamena and the Nigerian city of ... HTTPURL
positive	I 'm so nervous for next Tuesday I 'm so excited to see who 's going to brought on the stage with shawn
neutral	First we got Doniya and now Trisha . I 'm waiting for Zayn with Waliyha and Yasser so I can fly my ass to thee sun .
neutral	David Wright Looks Good in First Rehab Start : Photo David Wright during the first inning Monday . He had comple ... HTTPURL
positive	Congrats to Ryan Braun on setting the franchise mark for career home runs . Congrats also to K-Rod for his 30th save of the season .
negative	george osborne trolling us with dead children HTTPURL
neutral	" When Obama sat down and began considering allowing gay marriage , he was not all in for it , it troubled him "
neutral	We made the last line of the St . Louis Post review of Amy Schumer 's show . Tues . & Wed . we are JazzStandardNYC solid ! HTTPURL
neutral	Kane wanted to let you all know that Friday is finally here ! HTTPURL
neutral	@USER You think he gets sent down when David Wright comes back tomorrow ?
positive	" Happy 2nd Birthday , Prince George ! See How Much He 's Grown with These 28 Photos HTTPURL "
neutral	Watch @USER ' s interview with @USER from backstage at the Foo Fighters show on Wednesday night --> HTTPURL
neutral	" Still have 2 x Foo Fighters tickets for sale for tomorrow at the Milton Keynes bowl @USER 4pm . Unable to go , message me for details . "
negative	Boko Haram extremists on Monday raided a village in restive northeast Nigeria 's Borno state near the border with ... HTTPURL
positive	" If I can finish this final tonight , I 'll be able to finally see Ant-Man tomorrow after work . "
positive	Nothing like eating pizza watching John Cena wrastle with the roomie on a Monday night @USER
positive	" @USER it 's queen . Nevertheless , Thor shook those feelings off as he and Sif approached their table and sat down "
neutral	INTERCEPTION . Simone picks off Murray . ASU 1st and 10 from the 12 yard line .
positive	Why Kanye West would be the best president in US history ( seriously ) HTTPURL via @USER
positive	" Shanghai Shenxin of China forward , Daniel Chima Chukwu has praised Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh for the quality of players he invited "
negative	If Chris Tucker and Ice Cube not in the next Friday I do n't want to watch it .
negative	I think it 's weird when fans find celebrities ' families on social media . You have no reason to like Niall 's nephew 's 1st day of school pic .
positive	" Pretty sure of the 1st like 25 Marvel characters , 2 had capes . Dr . Strange and Thor . And by the way a cape totally works on Dr . Strange . "
positive	Perfect date would be on the beach watching the sun make the hills it 's grave while @USER played Rolling Stone until his fingers bled
positive	@USER : Great round by Paul Dunne today . I enjoyed playing with him . All the best for tomorrow . #ProudlySouthAfrican #TheOpen
positive	Zayn 's smile is brighter than the shinning sun His eyes are brighter than the shinning stars And his personality as calm as the moonlight
neutral	Real Madrid still faithful that the deal will be accepted . But it will have to be tomorrow .
neutral	@USER totally agree . After Levy 's balls up with getting Berahino we may as well have used Ade as back up to Kane
neutral	Does anyone want to help me win tickets to see Shawn in SanDiego tomorrow ?
positive	People worried about david price pitching tomorrow but they seem to forget we own the guy #NYY
neutral	You 'll be able to buy ' Marvel 's Ant-Man : The Art of the Movie ' Slipcase on 4 August 2015 . HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" Like , is he going to be making David Price 2nd and 3rd arb year money ? "
positive	I hope Kanye West is the lead on the 3rd season of true detective . Because this script is writing itself . #MTVVMAs
neutral	" . @USER " " Maybe one day Islamic nations will learn to leave Israel and the USA alone . " " I wrote 24 August 2015 : HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER if u supported Ray Rice i think he would be given a 2nd chance . Real Christians dont judge sins they help bring them to God
neutral	Sources say Arab League Sec-Gen Azzam Pasha has asked Arab governments to resume war with Israel in support of Egypt [ 25 Dec 48 ]
neutral	@USER @USER Islam means Submission to the Will of God & Obedience to His law . Now U shud Understand Muhammad was The 1st Islamist
positive	" We may be an ordinary girls , But our love to our Zayn is bigger thank you think , He saved most of us and we 're thankful to him to have him . "
positive	" Oh blessed be , Shawn is still hotter than the sun . Bless Rider Strong ... my first non-cartoon TV crush . Have mercy * Fans face * "
positive	" Tomorrow , Sunday July 19th is National Ice Cream Day ! After careful thought we decided to make a fresh peach ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER This is like my 3rd msg about this but im dumb . Do you know kane 's # anymore ? i lost it . Also hope everythings good and stuff
neutral	" Photoset : myniallerproblems : Oh my gawd - Vancouver , BC | July 17 , 2015 Niall will be the death of me HTTPURL "
positive	Fuck yes Calibraska is out tomorrow do you hear me screaming ! #CalibraskaEP
negative	" @USER wyd mate ? 1st you knock up that ugg Briana , & now you unfollow Eleanor on IG . Wyd ? Wyd ? Wyd ? "
neutral	" @USER The woman speaks the truth ... For the " " ROT " " of Islam may grind slow but it grinds exceedingly small enabling it to fester "
neutral	" @USER Yup this one . Shocking . Anyway I hope Milan do n't bottle it tomorrow , for all I care for . "
positive	" I may be childish but every time George Osborne does one of those sneery , forces-of-darkness smiles he looks like he 's just followed through . "
positive	" No matter what Drake tells you , Monday in #Toronto belonged to David Price . #Jays - HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	Dustin Johnson will be partnered by Danny Willett in the final group for the delayed third round at the Open Championship on Sunday .
positive	" I feel like tomorrow on Live with Kelly and Michael , they 're gonna show the video of Shawn singing I Do n't Even Know Your Name , I 'm excited ! "
negative	" What 's the over / under of pics tomorrow captioned " " I just fucked ur butch in some Gucci foamposites " " ? "
positive	Doctor Who is like the 2nd series - next to Naruto - to hit me in the feels so hard . Omg .
neutral	the iTunes record is still held by Ariana . the 2nd fastest time is Roar by Katy Perry . 1D and Jb failed to beat it . HTTPURL
neutral	" I think Mr . " " Mookie " " may be confusing Muslims with Vampires #tytlive "
negative	This is not good - Scott Walker wants to fire academics with whom he disagrees politically HTTPURL
neutral	Full details of Saudi-led coalition not yet available : Sartaj : Saudi Arabia announced on Tuesday that it had f ... HTTPURL
negative	Stop posting this picture . It 's from January after the Charlie Hebdo attacks not from tonight HTTPURL
negative	@USER If Kane does n't find his Nov-Mar form again I think they could be in for a very bad season . Dier-Mason is the kind of ...
neutral	Auzzie is really proud of being the 2nd person to comment on zayn 's nipples when that cover came out lol
positive	But ! Murray takes the tie break in the 3rd set and we 've got GAME ON ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Murray wins 3rd set tie break to get back into the game , Anderson leads 2 set to 1 #GB #SA #USOpen "
neutral	" Is there a decent karaoke spot in Tulsa on a Wednesday ? I feel the need to do " " Number of the Beast " " by Iron Maiden in honor of @USER . "
positive	Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day ! Here 's every place you can get free ice cream : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Guys can we kill the John Cena meme please . I see enough of him on Monday nights .
neutral	" When i see this i remember Laurel . So , look at this Nirvana t-shirt ! Maybe it might be May . @USER HTTPURL "
negative	" Keep repeating " " Islam is the religion of peace " " and it may become true . What , this is n't a fairy tale ? #islamistheproblem "
positive	Kendrick Lamar leased God 's body when he was recording Black Friday .
positive	Catch up with Naruto and watched a few movies today ! Friday well spent !
positive	" #WhenICaught Saturday night Fever , I quit my job , moved to Brooklyn , and listened only to the Bee Gees . "
neutral	" WTH , only Hulk Hogan blocked me during my #CelebritySlanderSaturday ? I guess it 's still Saturday . Round two ! "
negative	" Internet crashed again ? for the 14th time tonight ? DARK SOULS ( which I 'm playing alone , single player ) froze again ? COME ON "
positive	if u could just like send good vibes for me to be able to meet shawn on Saturday and win the contest that would be so cool thank u love u :(
negative	The Weeknd is releasing on the 28th but I can't even be excited because Frank Ocean ruined the whole getting excited for an album thing .
positive	Utterly fascinating . Never before seen photos of 1953 coup in Iran by an employee of US embassy at the time . HTTPURL
neutral	We 're giving away Jason Aldean tickets ! Text us win tickets to his Burning it Down Tour Sept 12 #JiffyLubeLive @USER HTTPURL
neutral	" Yall can say whatever about the patriots " " cheating " " Tom Brady is innocent and will win his 5th ring this season "
neutral	" @USER Work colleague of mine on Thursday night : " " oh , look , they 're showing the Bee Gees on video . " " 23 - yr old colleague : " " who ? " " "
neutral	" @USER with him and Kendrick ? No only " " Black Friday " " "
neutral	Rahul Gandhi savours ` litti-chokha ` on wintry Sunday - See pic ! : Rahul Gandhi mingled freely with street vendo ... HTTPURL
positive	" a full season of Harvey , deGrom , Thor , Matz and Wheeler coming back in June ? ? sign me up . Lets get Heyward , some bullpen call it a day "
neutral	The Vamps pay tribute to the member . Read more #VAMPS HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	Maybe I should correct Trump on this 150 billion gift to Iran . But he may yell at me and I may get grief from neocons too-MSM thinking
negative	@USER Murray will take you apart on Monday . One break of serve each set will be enough for Andy . Your return game is shit !
positive	I 'll end the streak of bad movies tomorrow when I go to Ant-Man again
neutral	" Same Old Love went past " " Hello " " by Adele on the American Pop Radio and is now placed at the 2nd position after " " Sorry " " by Justin Bieber ! "
negative	@USER @USER Iran 's job is EASY .. stop building Nukes .. stop executing Christians and dropping Gays off the 6th floor head first .
neutral	Niall posted a pic of his hairy leg in the sun and im like wtf the fuck why so I scrolled and there was Zayn 's beautiful face thank u
positive	" I hope I see that cute boi with the nirvana shirt , tomorrow "
positive	" Paul Dunne is awesome ; " " hole 's the same size tomorrow " " , & " " the ball always does what you tell it " " are my new favourite golfing catchphrases "
negative	i really want to turn into one of those asshole people who dont know how to act in the dunkin doughnuts on 7th they 're always fucking up
neutral	Dustin Johnson plays an approach on the 2nd hole during the third round of the 144th Open Championship at The Old ... HTTPURL
positive	Chuck Norris can tell the exact time of day to the second just by glancing at the sun .
neutral	Sheamus and Randy Orton settled their feud on #RAW . But was the match any different from their previous encounters ? HTTPURL
positive	Good straight sets win for Murray last night hope he kicks on from here and good chance of winning the #USOpen for a 2nd time
neutral	@USER take Niall 's guitar and play on stage at the show tomorrow .
positive	Is it Friday yet ? I 'm so ready for Jason Aldean !
neutral	@USER Thursday and yea g I 'm Ice Cube real son have you not seen my twitter page
neutral	An it 's the match next of randy Orton next on Monday night #RAW
negative	" Okay , so Paper Towns . Super super uncomfortable with the black character wearing a confederate flag shirt . It may have been in the book , but "
neutral	#MUFC : Real Madrid 's Florentino Perez launched a blistering attack at Manchester United 's Ed Woodward over the David de Gea fiasco - The Sun
positive	Just did the math and realized that I get to see David Price pitch live next Sunday . Cool ! #BlueJays
neutral	My middle daughter just told me a 5th grade presentation in her class was on Seth Rollins . #school #wwe #education
neutral	" Here Comes the Sun : The Spiritual and Musical Journey of George Harrison , Joshua HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	WE ALL KNOW IT'S NOT ADELE . SHE ALREADY CONFIRMED NOVEMBER . apparently frank ocean has a album release party so i 'm assuming it 's not him
neutral	I 'm pretty sure Seth Rollins is heading out to a Saturday Night Fever themed party after the match #SummerSlam
neutral	@USER Getting Paul McCartney tix on Monday morning ... worth it or not ? :)
positive	" Foo Fighters were exceptional last night , Dave Grohl can still command a presence despite being sat on a throne ! Goosebumps at the old stuff "
neutral	im actually so ready for frank ocean to fuck with everyone saturday :(
negative	Listened to Brock Lesnar on ESPN radio this morning and a little disappointed he was n't able to plug Logan Storley 's 1st MMA match Friday .
positive	Those of you who hang on my every word with regards musical recommendations may be interested to know that I like the new David Bowie track .
neutral	" 5th day of Eid be like Boys : Eid khtam hogayi h kanjar ki olaad itna tyar shyaar q hai ? Girls : Eid Mubarak , Eid Mubarak Eid Mubarak "
negative	@USER @USER at least Dustin Johnson knows how to party which is why I 'm guessing he falls apart by Sunday after his weekend out
negative	" Survation are fraudsters . If they were fake-polling " " Irish " " people about the IRA would they call Doyles and Murphys ? HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER @USER dear I 'm not supporting Yakub . I'M just supporting Judiciary . it will be big political debate tomorrow if nt adrsd
neutral	" @USER Message from Argentina : if u don ` t come w / Snarky in November , we ` ll have 2 make a video begging like the Foo Fighters fans did . "
neutral	" Hello @USER , is it true that George Osborne is visiting / speaking on Friday lunch time ? "
positive	Ohhhhh the things I 'd do for Dunkin donuts tomorrow morning .. @USER is there one near us
positive	The concerts are tonight through Saturday . Go . She is after all the Tony Blair of music ( undefeated ) . HTTPURL
positive	" Have y'all ever just sat and listened to Frank Ocean 's " " Crack Rock " " ? The shit is mad deep . "
neutral	Dustin Johnson might want to hold something back on Thu and Fri ?
neutral	Local business continued : I just wanted that smug female MMA wrestler to see what Floyd Mayweather may have encountered in the past
neutral	Sun qualified 3rd overall . Did n't have skillset to keep up with Milan in the DQ LS powered BMW . Ended up 2nd overall HTTPURL
neutral	Sunday is National Ice Cream Day . Just thought you all would like to know that in advance . These are the things I think about at midnight .
neutral	" So George Osborne , Therera May & Yvette Cooper , all of whom want to be the next PM , are teaming up to stop Boris . He 's the one they all fear "
neutral	" Rousey gon get schooled by the preachers kid , ya diggggg ? ? ? HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER did Manchester United just " " Drake " " Real Madrid . #MeekMadrid HTTPURL "
neutral	shawn may have trouble coming in tact with what his feelings are feelings to himself let alone u guys
neutral	" Anderson is up 2 sets , but Murray is up a break in the 3rd set . It feels even-steven right now . "
neutral	The Minnesota Twins beat the White Sox and Chris Sale on Tuesday . They are now a surprising 68-63 overall and 41-25 at home .
positive	Eid al-Adha is few months away in September Christianity can also jump in Celebrate due to Same Verse from the Bible
neutral	Hey @USER my name is Shaky Knee . I ordered the Seth Rollins U Ca n't C Knee shirt and I need it before Sunday . Let 's make this work .
neutral	" Randy Orton is going to wrestle Sheamus tonight ? Yep , must be another Monday . "
neutral	. #News : ( @USER ) Janet Jackson Writes Open Letter to The Late Aaliyah : Today ( August 25 ) marks the 14t ... HTTPURL
neutral	John Kasich soliciting donations from The Donald on the debate stage may be out Trumping Trump . #GOPDebate
positive	" @USER @USER @USER I so agree ! You did awesome , Curtis :) I may hate Metatron , but I do n't hate you . YOU ROCK ! "
negative	" I do n't see the point in the 3rd Tate vs Rousey fight , it 's not like they both have a win a piece , Ronda has clattered her both times . "
neutral	Bethe Correia still thinks she can beat Rousey and that Santa Claus is coming december 25th .
neutral	Rehab update : Jhoan Urena replaces David Wright at 3B in the bottom of the 7th .
neutral	" Brock Lesnar , Wear a cup this Sunday . Gotta protect the family jewels . "
neutral	" May I ask how you perceive Carly Fiorina ? And of the current Republican candidates , do you see cabinet position possibilities ? "
neutral	Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh says he 's happy with the draw point yesterday . Did U ? #ChampionByDonYom #ChampionByDonYom #ChampionByDonYom
neutral	" 2,780 , 589 people could have seen ' Rahul Gandhi in Bengaluru ' since its 1st mention until it became a Trending Topic . #trndnl "
positive	" Happy 2nd birthday Prince George ! Needing a repair can be a royal pain , but remember you can report it online any ... HTTPURL "
positive	Canna beat the ginger squirrel Chris Evans and TFI Friday
neutral	Wwe summerslam vip meet and greet ticket with randy orton : $ 175.00 ( 0 Bids ) End Date : Tuesday Aug - ... HTTPURL #wwetickets
negative	I #StandwithKim Davis . I hope you are happy that Christians are being jailed and livelyhoods destroyed because you ignored 9th & 10th Amend
positive	Diggin the Blue Jays ' Canada jerseys . Would be cool if they wore them every Sunday home game like the White Sox do with their retros .
positive	Ollie Schniederjans joins Paul Dunne & Jordan Niebrugge as the 3rd amateur in the top 10 at #TheOpen2015 ! Remarkable HTTPURL
neutral	I go to the dentist and eye doctor on Friday . Promoting Calibraska .
neutral	Some other retailers might have the new Iron Maiden LP on Friday but you can bet they wont have all this stuff too ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Hate crimes against Muslims in London have risen by 70 percent in the past year , a media report said on Monday . HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER may ur eve sweet dear , actualy its yet as Eid ppl do visits & families , so it was here , miss u , u know my Eid wth u baby "
positive	Josh Hamilton hit a two run homer in 2011 WS in the 10th with a sports hernia . If anyone with any decent fielding skills catches the ball ...
negative	" @USER @USER @USER @USER Refugee 's did not carry out the Charlie Hebdo or the Paris attacks on Friday , you prejudice idiot . "
neutral	MN 99s Business meeting tomorrow at KANE 11am . RSVP to Patti and remember all the construction on 35W and 35E .
neutral	New Post : Kanye West 's ' Late Registration ' Infographic of Samples On the Album 's 10th Anniversary ... HTTPURL
neutral	You gonna do an article about this like you have with Kane after 4 ? @USER HTTPURL
positive	Kendrick Lamar getting all 11 Grammys on Sunday would be the best birthday gift ever ...
neutral	" Day 7th : Saudi Arabia , Indonesia , Poland , Thailand , Hungary . More $ $ $ for you today if you have traffic from there ! HTTPURL "
neutral	2014 FHD goes platinum then a mixtape with Kendrick and now another album and still no #grammy HTTPURL
neutral	Justin Bieber seemed to his mother will spend a good understanding you all discompose you may well at heart could not be
positive	Tickets now on sale for the much loved Sam Smith @USER #Perth November 28 . Visit : HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" Dana White says if Ronda wants an immediate rematch , she 'll get it . Other commitments may take precedence . "
positive	@USER just a heads up tomorrow July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day !
neutral	@USER @USER I know he 's lying ! But Shawn said Cloud 9 on Thursday if you 're both down .
neutral	@USER It 's Gucci . Hopefully I get the cast off Friday .
neutral	Govt acted humanely in Yakub 's hanging : RSS : New Delhi 1 Aug 2015The RSS today said the hanging of 1993 Mumbai ... HTTPURL
neutral	August 20 celebrity birthdays : Rolling Stone has named him the top rock and roll lead singer of all t ... HTTPURL #Fashion
neutral	Im watching the Katy Perry movie .. on a saturday night lol what does that make me ?
neutral	Player of the Game on Monday : Kris Bryant or Jon Lester ? You make the call : HTTPURL
neutral	Ummm if u have n't hear Kendrick Lamar n J . Cole 's Black Friday ? ? ? What are u going ? ? ?
neutral	" Going to see Foo Fighters in concert tonight , Kenney Chesney tomorrow night + the MTV VMAS with Miley Cyrus hosting in Hollywood on Sunday ! ! "
neutral	" David Price : Love and Hate in Jamestown : John Smith , Pocahontas , and the Heart of a New Nation 1St edition by David P HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER May be but now it seems inevitable . Looks like pay back time for Yakub !
neutral	If Kim Kardashian and Kris Jenner were in Freaky Friday you know Kris would absolutely not switch bodies back . She wants to be Kim so badly .
positive	@USER may I have a dm with Niall ? :) )
neutral	" @USER that 's a legit point man . I have to agree . Rousey would take that , but I think Browne would be the first to escape 1st rd . "
positive	" My cousin snapchatted me " " Ant-man tomorrow . You good ? " " And these are the reasons we get along so well . "
negative	Still not clear whether Yakub will be hanged Thursday ! One more challenge to his death sentence in the SC
negative	" @USER @USER may have always been " " Israel " " but no reason Zionists had to kill for it . "
neutral	Cara Delevingne goes nearly nude for YSL : Cara Delevingne at the New York premiere of ' Paper Towns ' on July 21 ... HTTPURL
positive	also just got Dark Souls to work with OBS i am READY for tomorrow :D
neutral	" Starting Wednesday , September 15th , Big Brother will move to Sunday 's , Tuesday 's and Wednesday 's for the rest of the season . #BB17 "
negative	I 'd rather listen to the 1st Grand Funk Railroad record than any Nirvana record .
neutral	Dunkin is definitely the move tomorrow morning
neutral	Holy shit . Future me just sat down in front of me at Dunkin . HTTPURL
neutral	Paul Dunne : Under the Southern Sun : Stories of the Real Italy and the Americans It Created : Recently there has been a HTTPURL
positive	#KurtCobain #Nirvana And they keep asking me why do I love him this much Kurt you 're the best ! Love Nirvana fav band HTTPURL
neutral	' Boruto : Naruto The Movie ' slated for October 10 release in the US - Christian Post HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Real Madrid will sign De Gea tomorrow with help of FIFA !
neutral	Kris Bryant flies out to the warning track . Almost had his 4th hit of the night . #Cubs
neutral	Welp . White Sox dominating the #Royals . May be time to go back to the full strength lineup tomorrow .
positive	" @USER @USER beautiful , but it 's from January ( Charlie Hebdo ) "
negative	Posts you may have missed : Islam 's Claims of Biblical Corruption Actually Impeach the Qur'an HTTPURL
positive	Now playing Foo Fighters - Cold Day in the Sun HTTPURL
positive	Saw Ant-Man tonight and loved it ! Here 's my blog review : HTTPURL Any views appreciated ! #AntMan #marvel
neutral	" Who would you put Balor against in his first WWE match ? Seth Rollins makes an NXT challenge , Balor entrance . HTTPURL "
positive	Monday morning gym tunes for the beautiul soul . Zac Brown Band - All Alright ( Official Video ): HTTPURL
neutral	Making plans with my friends is like Ice Cube trying to get another Friday done .
neutral	May God 's love be stronger and longer than the bruises we 've collected from ( well ) meaning Christians .
neutral	Imagine if you sat next to Caitlyn Jenner at like a restaurant ... I 'd die
negative	" 12 Aug 2015 - one day , 3 countries ( Philippines , Egypt , Afghanistan ) 6 infidels murdered by Muslims #tcot #ccot #TeaParty #tgdn "
negative	I madr noprogress my lfe is going downhill actually Kpop ruined the world everything will dje the sun will explodeand Bush will confirm 9/11
neutral	i just realized briana is 9 months pregnant and the baby is supposed to be born in february ( ? ) how does that work
neutral	Curtis acts like this changes the fact that I 'll be sitting at home on the 10th ... HTTPURL
neutral	" she said " " it may be funny Nicki said that to Miley but now the media is going to take Miley 's side , you know they 're going portray Nicki - " " "
neutral	" Ramblings were late today , I was falling asleep at the keyboard last night . Kane , Kessel , Philly D , Sens G - HTTPURL "
neutral	Rahul Gandhi at the 31st plenary session of Indian National Trade Union Congress ( INTUC ) in Delhi HTTPURL #RGwithWorkers
positive	" Ohhhhh , do I see MI : 5 or Ant-Man on Friday at the cinema ... Hmmmm . "
neutral	" @USER roads are straight ass . May be better further east , I 'm out in Milan tonight . "
positive	" @USER He told me to tell you " " Thor may have the hammer , but I hit bombs - bring it " " - the kid is crazy .. HTTPURL "
neutral	" Kris Bryant his a two-run home run in the 8th to tie it , but then Joey Votto hits go-ahead 3 - run homer in the 9th . #Reds #Cubs "
neutral	Northern elders ask Dasuki not to go to court so as not to reveal the activities of Boko Haram sponsors ... Enjoy ! ! HTTPURL
neutral	@USER Dana white reportedly said holly will have to wait to fight Ronda in July but she wants to fight in February or March smgdh
positive	The new Iron Maiden album is awesome . Buy it now . Not out til Friday but heard it today and it 's Maiden of old . Buy i
neutral	" Since Trump announced his presidential bid in June , pundits have contended he would not be the nominee . Ben Carson & Carly Fiorina climbing "
neutral	#DailyRush Because you have n't heard Caitlyn Jenner 's doorbell since Friday * Ding Dong * HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	" the 1st twilight is so fucking creepy . if your boyfriend does n't want to sniff you , you 're doing it wrong . "
positive	Friends be ready to celebrate National Ice Cream Day tomorrow with Graeters ! HTTPURL
positive	" The great artist George Harrison ( 1943 - November 29 , 2001 ) . Never played showy but always in service of the song . HTTPURL "
positive	Appy Wednesday ! Sleep better with Twilight . HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	All you people watching Sharknado tomorrow are they terrorists hate us .
negative	Chris Evans is worse for wear as he parties with wife at London 's Chiltern Firehouse following festive TFI Fri ... HTTPURL
neutral	" I may be a bit slow on the uptake but I am sure David Bowie sang " " Ground Control to Major TOM " " ? ? ? and not " " Captain Tim " " ? ? ? "
positive	" Beer tech and game night tonight , Star Wars tomorrow , entrepreneurs in jeans on Wednesday . No plans for NYE - I 'm in Israel and do n't party "
neutral	" BJP warns Rahul Gandhi about using words like ` chamcha ` , ` sycophants ` : The Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) on Fri ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Royals set to host White Sox for weekend set : John Danks will be in search of his 10th career victory vs . the ... HTTPURL
neutral	Ellen DeGeneres sits down with Caitlyn Jenner Tuesday ! #EllenShow #IamCait HTTPURL
neutral	Nirvana it 's a new Friday deal HTTPURL
negative	Sunday . The second most boring day on earth after EID .
neutral	" @USER you can tell Shawn that I unquit , I thought I had a career path in Vemma . So yea I 'll be in tomorrow , regular time . "
neutral	Tony Blair : Bringing Libya ' in from the cold ' may have stopped Isis getting chemical arms HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	Damn AMC not showing ticket times for Paper Towns on the 14th . They show them for the 13th but not the 14th !
neutral	" Lots of total bases today for Ryan Braun as he hits a triple in 8th inning , already has a home run Sunday . #Brewers "
negative	please please please STOP with the requests for Ice Cube 's son & DC Young Fly to star in a new Friday movie .
neutral	Gucci variety death instinct in confidence march cook up the duo thine morphological individual far out contra ...
positive	" Today is National Ice Cream Day , healthy and refreshing ! ! Come and enjoy this day with us ! ! Have a great Sunday ! HTTPURL "
positive	Ed Sheeran either Jan 30 2013 or Nov 1 2013 the best days of my life HTTPURL
neutral	Dana White is eyeing July 9th for the rematch between Ronda Rousey & Holly Holm HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" Unscripted theater on FS2 and people are watching Sharknado . ( Well , some of it may be scripted ) "
neutral	Storylines ( other than Tom Brady 's return ) you should watch for in @USER vs @USER on Thursday night : HTTPURL
neutral	" #polygon Deadpool comes to PS4 , Xbox One in November : Deadpool , the over-the-top adaptation of Marvel Comics ' ... HTTPURL "
negative	Would you believe CNN wsnts to deny Carly Fiorina a spot in the ma8n September 16th ' debate . ' Very wrong and stupid
neutral	Eddie Rosario connected for a grand slam in the third inning of Thursday afternoon 's 6-4 loss to the White Sox .
negative	It is sad to see Christians living in the bondage of ignorance . May God have mercy on Pastors .
positive	" Ah , twilight w / the run to yourself ! MT @USER : Laying down final tracks of the day . See you tomorrow #OneParkCity HTTPURL "
positive	Tristan is a cool dewd . My birthday was Monday and he followed me today . What a man . #MTVStars THE VAMPS
positive	" Im seeing the Foo Fighters tomorrow night , Holly is returning on Sunday ! Monday night has a lot to live up to . "
negative	having Yakub 's news on the 1st page by all leading news papers is saddest thing ! Shame on you @USER @USER #StopBuyingThem
neutral	you never know when a Tom Brady comes back around HTTPURL
neutral	" Dana White says he will vote for Donald Trump , despite controversial political comments about Muslims : He may ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Iran ready to deal with oil at $ 30 : Iran said on Tuesday that it had provided the required preparations to dea ... / articles / iran / 103822
neutral	@USER @USER china & Israel hv overturned . ALL transactions / Edu in Mandarin & Hebrew . Eng is the 3rd lang after Mandarin & Spanish .
positive	It 's Wake up Wednesday at Cambridge ! Stop by the Clubhouse for Dunkin ' Donuts and juice .
negative	Louiss . ! ! Now you 're old 25th . ! ! And now you want have a little baby from briana ! Ohh my fuckk ! My baddream ! ! #Selamatulangtahunlouis
neutral	White Sox go ahead 1-0 on Avi Garcia 's RBI single in the 1st .
neutral	" my mom still isnt sure if she can go to sam smith with me or not tomorrow , she needs to let me know so i can find someone else to go with "
neutral	Who has a car and is going to Zac Brown Band on Sunday ? ? ?
neutral	HTTPURL Monday night brawl with Undertaker and Brock Lesnar
negative	im so scared to fall asleep bc louis and danielle can be married and niall will date james and harry may move to germany with briana
neutral	" TEXT POLL : Since it 's National Hot Dog Day : Ketchup or Mustard on a hot dog ? Text " " live + ur answer to 32961 ! ( Message / data rates may apply "
neutral	@USER is there any word on patch & DLC file sizes for PS4 ? Have 10GB left of data allowance til the 12th ( rural internet boo ) .
negative	Hulk Hogan may be the only person ever to spout out a racial rant in the middle of his sex tape
neutral	@USER the donations for Niall 's guitar and letters to go into his guitar is closed because the guitar is being dropped off tomorrow
positive	" OK #fooFighters just may be my heros today ! HTTPURL Foo Fighters " " Rick Roll " " Westboro Baptist " " Church " " ( quotes are mine ) "
neutral	" Brock Lesnar is home tonight . & how appropriate because after he loses Sunday , he 's gonna go home & stay there ! @USER #RAW #BrocksHomeComing "
neutral	I wanna walk into school tomorrow with the John Cena theme song playing
neutral	Good Saturday morning all ... Bee Gees with Ca n't Keep A Good Man Down HTTPURL
positive	for whoever wants to take me to the sam smith concert on september 30th ... I 'm completely available
negative	" Analysis of last night 's shocking #ParisAttacks by @USER , who also covered the Charlie Hebdo shootings in January . HTTPURL "
positive	Brock Lesnar vs The Undertaker match next Sunday is going to be great .
neutral	" @USER Thanos sat there .. and Thor just kneelt beside him .. he pulled his hair back .. and Thor was just red from blood .. " " here he is " " "
negative	Finally watching Twilight for the 1st time . Now I can see why I avoided it #socringeworthy #awkwardacting : S
neutral	Dear @USER any chance you can pay out 7th place on dustin johnson after his comeback today #justiceforjohnsonbackers
neutral	If Niall is actually following people why can't he follow me like Niall c'mon stop making me emo
positive	Just got confirmation for my anniversary present to corey--Zac Brown Band on the 13th ! !
positive	" @USER Happy Birthday , Prince George ! May your day be filled with love , laughter and happiness . "
negative	@USER not one word deploring attacks on Charlie Hebdo nor barbaric nature of islam in the 21st C as long as it 's sharia compliant
neutral	Nigeria coach Sunday Oliseh has revealed that he craves the success he has been able to achieve as player with the Super Eagles .
positive	John Cena will become my favorite wrestler ever if this angle leads to him beating the snot out of Jon Stewart on Raw tomorrow . #Summerslam
neutral	If yall are interested in the Gucci foams coming out this weekend we releasing them on Friday at foot locker Columbia
negative	" Bethany Cosentino Wednesday , Amy Schumer tonight . Too bad Tina Fey is n't in town tomorrow ! "
positive	" ABUJA , Aug 30 ( Reuters ) - Nigeria 's security agency said on Sunday it had made significant breakthroughs in the fight against Boko Haram "
neutral	@USER See ' Boruto : Naruto the Movie ' on the big screen 7pm Oct 11th and 14th ! #anime HTTPURL
negative	" In #Buhari 's wisdom , people that run away from Boko Haram what their salaries and careers yet he wanna win the war by November "
neutral	" Today 's header : 2 years ago today , Prince George was born , son of the Duke and Suchess of Cambridge & 3rd in line to the throne #dailyheader "
neutral	Floyd Mayweather fights this Saturday as he attempts to equal Rocky Marciano 's 49-0 record by fighting a bum - HTTPURL
neutral	Ryan Braun ties the game at three with a base hit in the 3rd with two outs . - RI
positive	" Our Holiday Open House is in full swing ! ! ! Please stop by if you can . Noon to 3 p.m. at 724 W . 2nd Avenue , Milan , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Christ , I get it . Paper Towns is out tomorrow . "
positive	@USER Naruto better bruh DBZ cool and all but I 'm a Naruto guy at heart lol Boruto the movie come out in November narutos son
positive	Just realized I do n't miss you that much . The sun is out . Nothing is better than today . I have reached nirvana . I think I need to pee .
positive	Officially starting Dark Souls 2 Monday evening . GTA V was way too fun to stop ! Thanks for coming to the stream ! See you tomorrow !
negative	1.99 iced coffees end at dunkin on the 31st and that 's the worst news I 've heard all summer
negative	@USER And the father of the Speaker of the Knesset works for Kirill . My 1st argument that Active Measures are severe in Israel .
positive	@USER well make sure they are good then we be gucci I may have one
positive	i 'm listening to nirvana and drinking wine from a mug how 's your wednesday night going
neutral	Joe Kelly wins his 7th straight start ; Red Sox beat Phillies ! Is Kelly the Sox best starter ? HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" False . David Wright was # 1 , Granderson is still # 2 sorry he 's not a 15M pp , # 3 Cuddyer 22M & 1st rnd pk , # 4 CY , # 5 FF HTTPURL "
negative	" Woaw just because briana is " " having " " louis ' baby she has the sun shining out of her ass . HTTPURL "
neutral	EXCLUSIVE : Cate Blanchett may be joining the #Marvel universe ! | Do n't tease me ! #scifi #movies #MCU HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Funny thing , I think David Price is going to get bombed tomorrow.You ' ll win the next 2 though "
neutral	c'mon guys we all knew Taylor was gonna do something eventually when Lena Dunham showed up in the Bad Blood video .
positive	" Ice Cube 's son is hella sexy . I may only think that cuz I 've always had a thing for Ice . His son is just more , like , attainable . lol "
positive	Am I the only one pumped for Jason Aldean tomorrow ? ?
neutral	Star Wars day tomorrow on #TBL @USER & @USER with a preview of Force Awakens 306 HTTPURL @USER
neutral	" @USER @USER #FSDGiveaway Wiley , Post Malone , and Ice Cube back to back to back may be the most lit thing I 've ever heard of "
neutral	" @USER @USER Funny ! That pic , the red-hair girl & back guy in my vid 1st in line . I shouted Israel did 9/11 HTTPURL "
negative	How did people come up with that Briana has been pregnant for 12 months .. ? Did n't she get preggies like in May or something ? Learn to count .
neutral	" Three new movies open at the @USER this Friday (8 / 21/15 ) ... Terminator Genisys in THX , plus Magic Mike and Paper Towns . "
neutral	Justin Bieber 's pianoforte was not you may _not_ remember her life .
neutral	" Pictures of the day : 13 July 2015 : Miss USA is crowned , a leaping gymnast and an erupting volcano "
negative	" @USER one-sided support for Russia , which the Iran deal may 've began addressing . 2 . Not doing so to a certain extent would lead to "
neutral	My last thursday of 2015 in MIlan .. ! see you tonight at 11Clubroom ! HTTPURL
neutral	Remember when everyone thought frank oceans new album was gonna come out July 20th and here we are now August 8th with no frank ocean album
neutral	Still on the 16th spot #MTVStars The Vamps HTTPURL
negative	" Christians should n't have to make " " deals " " to defend their religious beliefs , ever ! ! HTTPURL "
neutral	As expected David Wright is getting the night off for St . Lucie tonight . Steven Matz is making his 2nd rehab start .
neutral	Nigerian troops yesterday August 5th arrested one Mai Mustapha alleged to be the fuel supplier to Boko Haram ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER are in Milan recruiting on Wed 9 Sept for hospitality - we look forward to meeting you . Info at : HTTPURL
neutral	Friday on My Mind by David Bowie from the album : Pin Ups
positive	What A Feeling reminds me of Bee Gees song in Saturday Night Fever movie soundtrack you can check it outttt it has some vibe of it
neutral	" #worstroadtripever Only had one cassette in the car , U2 ' s The Unforgettable Fire , which is great until you get a headache the 13th time thru "
negative	After what Jon Stewart did to John Cena he better show up to work on Monday .
neutral	@USER @USER Not too surprised from Onechanbara .. still temped to buy it as it would make my 2nd PS4 game .
neutral	So John Kasich beats out Rick Perry for the 10th spot
neutral	My friend and brother today with Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh after the Wembley win .. Oliseh was a guest HTTPURL
positive	Watching the GOP from last night and I must say that Carly Fiorina may surprise a few #GOP
positive	@USER @USER I 'm now seriously tempted to re-read the 1st book and see if Cara fits . I still need to see Paper towns though
neutral	@USER that early . PS4 did n't close til the servers til Tuesday . What gives ?
positive	" Good Morning #PR World - wishing you a great Thursday ! Did you know that today , July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day ? "
neutral	@USER calibraska is 7th in Italy but no one can hear it because of the ' explicit ' #CalibraskaEP HTTPURL
positive	Check ignition and may God 's love be with you ! ! ! moon shot welcome back David Wright #mets
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER there is nothing about Thor , Odin or druids in the bible . Those are the Gods white people worshipped 1st "
negative	" You could n't make it up . Plastic Paddy school teacher , who loves Child murdering IRA terrorists . HTTPURL "
negative	Bryant exits game with apparent injury : Cubs third baseman Kris Bryant had to leave Sunday 's game in the fifth ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER ... Psalm 34:17- 19 ... May The God of Israel who does not sleep nor slumber be with you and strengthen you in this trying times
positive	What an achievement by Paul Dunne today . To lead the open in these circumstances is amazing . Everybody will be shouting for him tomorrow !
positive	Wow ! ! Just waking up to this . Saw it up to 2-1 Murray in 3rd set . Anderson was unbelievable ; incredible win . HTTPURL
negative	And Ice Cube still has n't gotten the greenlight for that Last Friday movie
neutral	" Your Sunday morning song : David Bowie singing to his new born : " " We bought you a lot of things to keep you warm ... HTTPURL "
positive	" She really likes those Twilight films , but she clearly gets some sun . #ToddnTylerTanLineTuesday HTTPURL "
negative	Boko Haram Slits Throats Of 10 Fishermen Near Lake Chad : Boko Haram insurgents on Monday slit the throats of t ... HTTPURL
positive	@USER thats good to know P ! im picking up a PS4 on monday along with Metal Gear !
positive	" The Vamps sang Rest Your Love , CWD , Cheater , STY , Last Night , I Found A Girl and Wake Up at The Sun gig tonight ! "
neutral	@USER I just heard a quote that the Royals intend to get back at the Mets for the 1st pitch tonight Please tell Curtis to be careful !
neutral	another week . C . wants to take him to a gay bar . Assistant points out that he may find a girlfriend . Or a boyfriend . Whatever .
neutral	Robert Kraft statement on the passing of Frank Gifford HTTPURL via @USER Frank Gifford was missed when left Mon . Note !
positive	Seeing Big Green tractor be performed by Jason Aldean tonight threw it back to 7th grade homeroom with @USER
neutral	" @USER @USER I got the PUBLIC sector , and the Muslims may refuse to do a gay wedding too , yet no one has asked them "
positive	" So should be a great article based around my new book , my time on Big Brother and our work with the poor in tomorrows Wales on Sunday paper ! "
positive	" Spain Is Winning the Gay Tourist Dollar War : Spain may not have London or Paris , but its friendly culture and ... HTTPURL "
positive	You know you 're gonna have a good ass Friday when gucci and jeezy release a song together
neutral	" Christians Preachers & Believers must watch Sunday worship , Christmas & Easter & what the Bible says ! ! ! HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER You rest well , Jun ! I hope everything gets resolved on Wednesday . I will direct Jean your way if I see him because he is Gay "
neutral	Chuck Norris was born My 6th 1945 ... the Nazi 's Surrendered May 7 1945 ... Coincidence ? I do n't think so ! #chucknorris #whoisrobharris
positive	" 1963 - In the 1st match of the season Milan beat Mantova 1-4 , with a hat trick from Jose Altafini #MantovaMilan HTTPURL "
negative	" I 'm sorry , but Randy Orton is the most plain wrestler on the roster . He does nothing for me in the main event spot . 2nd is Sheamus . "
positive	My favorite part of Paper Towns may have been the Ansel Elgort appearance
neutral	@USER in case Rahul Gandhi is trapped in a natural calamity will the sycophants shower petals on him / offer prayer to Gods / rescue 1st ?
neutral	" Game News : Dark Souls 3 release date , pre-order editions detailed : Dark Souls 3 will launch in the UK on 12th ... HTTPURL "
positive	@USER #motog The ever evolving Moto G 3rd gen firmly stands out as a beauty with the brain for gennext . Let 's swim with it awhile .
positive	" Frank Gifford not only had a terrific career in Football , but he was also one of the pioneers of Monday Night ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Opening up on the promotional trail for the film on Friday in Sydney , Ice Cube told Daily Mail Australia that he feels both men were "
positive	Is it ' OTT ' to take a day of annual leave to immerse myself within the first Janet Jackson record in seven years on October 2nd ?
neutral	@USER I accidentally bought the 5th episode of Game of Thrones on PS3 instead of PS4 . Can you put me in touch with someone to fix ?
negative	" Dark Souls progress : getting real sick of these Asylum Demon-like bosses . Firesage was exactly the same as Stray Demon ! c'mon , Dark Souls "
negative	" Mehn .. this Boko Haram is just like a cancer .. , That said , iBelieve one day all this killings will end HTTPURL "
positive	" In a debate dominated by Trump 's over-the-top personality , the real winner may have been Carly Fiorina . And she ... HTTPURL "
negative	Reason why Ant-Man may have ' struggled ' vs . other Marvel ? My parents assumed it was a parody .
negative	All stoned with weed march to Jantar Mantar . LOL . Y do n't @USER volunteer to be hanged instead of Yakub ? HTTPURL
neutral	" It 's $ 125 for the Seth Rollins meet and greet on Friday . Seth , I love you and all and your my favorite wrestler but HELL NO "
neutral	" It 's 3am and I 'm watching Frank Ocean videos trying to figure out where he 's been . C'mon Frank , where 's the album ? "
neutral	Ed Sheeran is in town tomorrow and I wo n't see him :-) it 's been 5 years and I still have n't seen him live :-) hahah
neutral	@USER just added a game with Curtis for April 1st . No fooling .
positive	" Always enjoyed it when Frank Gifford was on Monday Night Football , especially when he was teamed with Al Michaels and Dan Dierdorf . "
neutral	@USER hahaha may b this logic comes from Rahul Gandhi ( a joker on whom the world is laughing ) hahahah
positive	Selling Day for a Night Free Press Passes Ft . Kendrick Lamar . $ 40 for 2 day pass . Kendrick performs tomorrow at 9:30 p.m. Hmu if interested
negative	@USER I 'm sad ! ( ( The Gay 's ) ) at Facebook suspended my account for loving women ? They said I used the word Lover to may times ! Sad day
neutral	#NP Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar Is this the Kendrick you wanted @USER ? #SoundCloud HTTPURL
neutral	" lonely star , life of the party , the birds pt . 1 & 2 , rolling stone , valerie HTTPURL "
positive	@USER I liked it a lot . Held my attention much better than Dark Souls . I may have to go back to that now .
positive	" Christians in Pakistan , Iraq , Saudi Arabia , India , Palestine , western China and East Africa . May God ease all you pains . "
neutral	" Saudi Arabia hikes petrol prices by 40 % at the pump : WAEC Releases Nov / Dec 2015 GCE Result , 48 % Pass Recorded ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER going to be Seth Rollins bitch this Sun @USER #RAW
positive	" @USER Happy Friday yall ... can u play " " feel it boy " " by Janet Jackson ft Beenie man & then nthin ( compares to you ) by the Jacksons . "
neutral	I may or may not have purchased the Kim Kardashian emojis ... #idid HTTPURL
negative	" I am not allowed to listen to Nirvana around Alexander because he may not like my music . He is 2 weeks old , he does n't care ? ? "
neutral	Still in shock and saddened to hear of Frank Gifford 's passing . May one of the great Giants RIP .
positive	This Sunday is National Ice Cream Day . Do you have a favorite ice cream book ? HTTPURL
neutral	Modric and Kovacic return to Madrid training after Croatia loss : Real Madrid trained on Monday afternoon with ... HTTPURL
positive	" Gon listen to the Curtis tape tomorrow , might make it a full G-Unit Monday matter fact "
positive	Katy Perry will be hosting this years MTV EMA 's on her 31st birthday ! This is going to be some show ! HTTPURL
negative	' This programme features indiscrete discussions about the royal family which may distress some viewers ' Weirdest warning ever on Big Brother
negative	" Lost to the Red Sox ? DAMN ! C'mon Yankees , gotta keep beating up on the bottom feeders . "
positive	" MLB : Kris Bryant hits walk-off HR with one out in 9th inning , giving Cubs 2-1 victory over Indians ( ESPN ) HTTPURL "
positive	WOW ... what a way for David Wright to make his long-awaited return ! ! : - o #Mets HTTPURL
neutral	" #Mets ( C ) David Wright went 2 - for - 5 with three runs scored , an RBI , a walk and 20th home run at Citizens Bank Park in his return . #MLB "
positive	@USER @USER Happy Sunday . I hope all is well . Question : Do you find it as eerie as I do Frank Gifford died the same ( more )
positive	" My 62 year old father knew Rousey 's fight date before me . Knew it was November but not date . He chimes in " " oh yeah she fights Nov 14 " " "
neutral	Brock Lesnar will face Big Show at the WWE Network special event at Madison Square Garden on October 3rd . - Ashley
neutral	@USER You are free to join Yakub tomorrow if you are feeling guilty . Do n't mind I am using Freedom of Speech :)
neutral	@USER Cate Blanchett being Australian may have squashed this theory a bit . Or thrown a caveat into the mix .
positive	Katy Perry and her people got it right with Last Friday Night
neutral	" @USER Hey , just to let you know , we have tickets for Florence & Kendrick with no booking fees : HTTPURL "
neutral	Mets lineup vs . Phillies : David Wright is in it for 1st time in 4 months .. Related Articles : HTTPURL
positive	97.9 two for Tuesday makes me happy cause they just played double Nirvana
neutral	" Should I translate this : Explanation of 3rd nullifier of Islam by Sulayman al-Alwan : " " Whoever does not make takfir on the Mushrikin " " "
negative	Wo n't happen ... progs and Muslims in Germany gave her a 3rd term because she caves in @USER @USER @USER
negative	Unless Briana was as virgin - the only thing I can tell @USER is DNA test ! She would n't be the 1st trying 2 trap a celebrity ...
neutral	" Randy Orton was the first 3rd generation superstar , Natalya was the first 3rd generation diva . When are we going for the 4th generation ? "
neutral	@USER dont worry ! We can stop at dunkin tomorrow and the coffee will wake ya right up shorty !
neutral	@USER Some users are saying they 're receiving software upgrade for Moto G 2nd Gen in some countries . What about devices in India ?
positive	sam I just realized I 'm seeing Sam smith tomorrow I 'm so in love
positive	" you can meet the mandem you can meet the fam , 1st class shopping trip to milan #manlikegatsby @USER @USER "
neutral	Y'all really think Goodell is mad at the Tom Brady suspension appeal ? C'mon now . Have n't you seen House of Cards ? LOL
neutral	... reasons and sharing the video is inconsiderate to briana and louis . it may be difficult for them & we need to stop #OhNoBriana ...
neutral	0 You know plans for Tuesday . = Now Much showing off in the Yoga class ... :
positive	" Any conference where the first speaker is named David Bowie can't be a bad one . ( No , he 's obv not that Bowie ) . HTTPURL "
neutral	If I rise tomorrow and there 's no sign of 1 ) Zayn throwing a public tantrum or 2 ) Nicki taking over the world then I 'm checking out of life
neutral	@USER who shld take the credit Kejriwal or Rahul Gandhi or now may b Nitish
neutral	Josh Hamilton . @USER Have you seen these exceptional Cameron images ? You may want to check : HTTPURL
positive	" Come join us for Friday night Nirvana @USER Red square party center I 'm there playing from 7 to 9 , come hang with us ! ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Coverstory on the Italian Guitar Club magazine . Grazie Mille ragazzi ! Pick up a copy & see u in Milan on Oct 8 ! #GusG HTTPURL
positive	hello fam I 'm off work Friday sat & sun so if there 's a day all of us could get together all at the same time that would be gucci hmu
neutral	" Sam Smith is only 4th man to sing the theme solo , joining Tom Jones , Paul McCartney ( w / Wings ) , and Chris Cornell / "
negative	" @USER @USER BS . Israel has started 7 of the 8 wars it has been involved in , the 8th was retaliation to Zionist aggression "
positive	" Paul Dunne living the dream ! Shame he 's gonna have to pull a sickie from work tomorrow , hope his boss turns a blind eye ! #TheOpen2015 "
negative	May God touch the hearts of the Boko Haram insurgents to stop the bloodletting - IBB HTTPURL
neutral	" Kris Bryant quickly goes 0-2 , works the count full , then hits hits 2nd home run of the day to dead center . #BryantForROY "
negative	Tony Blair said ' God will judge me ' over Iraq . Here 's another biblical truism Tony : ' You [ we ] reap what you sow . ' HTTPURL
neutral	" On Wednesday its my birthday , and i 'm gonna probably spend this day alone in my bed watching Netflix , sad life #VideoMTV2015 Justin Bieber "
neutral	Australia should give priority to Christians refugees . Abetz believes in freedom ( not ) as long as its his view of it . HTTPURL
neutral	This from @USER on Yakub hanging makes some valid points . You have to think about what you dole out to others . HTTPURL
positive	" Saturday night rapidly approaches ! Chris Evans plays Guitar on the Bar tonight at 8p m , followed by DJ LAW in at 11 . Come get soical ! "
neutral	" Also being reissued October 2nd is Paul McCartney 's 1983 album , " " Pipes of Peace " " ! Like the reissued " " Tug of War " " ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER Oh its ok , I follow a ton of updates from Big Brother so I will see it tomorrow "
negative	Sharknado 3 may be one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life .
neutral	Love is just a history that they may prove #MTVStars Lady Gaga
neutral	" If you do n't come go see Parker McCollum Friday night , Chuck Norris will come to your house and roundhouse kick you . HTTPURL "
negative	" Sam Smith 's doing next James Bond theme ? Could be 1st one where instead of intro with Bond shooting toward camera , he just shoots himself . "
neutral	" @USER ur not wrong but think what would happen to Muslims in the west if turkey , Algeria etc invaded Europe tomorrow "
positive	Finally going to watch Ant-Man tomorrow @USER its still getting good ratings #Excited
neutral	" #PetitionPolitics The blasts may 've been planned by Tiger , but it needed impeccable execution , and Yakub did a great job here , reports say .. "
neutral	Remember when Kendrick Lamar was at the Del mar fair
neutral	Look dot au may have Cate Blanchett who can tell anyone to get fucked but NZ has Lucy Lawless . So who 's really winning the #cricket here ?
neutral	Ice Cube writes like every movie he 's in lol HTTPURL
neutral	Rahul Gandhi to lead 21 - member party delegation to the President on Nov 19 for demanding a deadline in the probe of Faridkot firing .
neutral	@USER on the day of Prince George 's 2nd birthday do n't you think my nearly 2 year old looks like him ? ! HTTPURL
neutral	Was this feeling nirvana or was it the bliss ignorance portrays What ever it may be its taste lingers on my tongue .
positive	@USER Good morning Niall ! It 's my sister 's 17th birthday ! A happy birthday from you would make her day !
positive	Ready to see the rematch this Sunday . The Undertaker vs Brock Lesnar . Gonna be a classic !
neutral	@USER This one is from the Charlie Hebdo but may give you some ideas HTTPURL
negative	" Now that Dustin Johnson 's inevitable major Sunday debacle is over , does he go - 8 tomorrow since it 's Monday ? "
neutral	" @USER @USER People playing it already on PS3 or PS4 , may still be using @USER 4 : Community Test Environment ( BF4 : CTE ) . "
positive	David Price is lucky so far ... nowhere near the same guy as last Saturday
negative	Kris Bryant just found that bomb threat that was called in Sunday ...
neutral	" Me after listening to " " Black Friday " " by Kendrick for the first time HTTPURL "
positive	another tony blair has emerged . no doubt this topic will be the hot discussion issue in class on monday . Life being a politics student
neutral	Photo : July 21st : Karlie Kloss and Cara Delevingne at the Paper Towns premiere in New York City HTTPURL
positive	" @USER just what it says : Celebrity Big Brother , new edition begins Thursday , this season 's theme is UK vs USA "
neutral	" Come try #ringette for FREE Sat Sept 12 , 11-12 @USER the Prince George Coliseum . Info at HTTPURL . "
neutral	" Sun 16 Aug . We continue our series in Jonah with some challenging implications for Christians today . Clements , ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Dear @USER , Happy 27th Anniversary . Paul McCartney will help me with the words ... HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	The dude @USER Dunkin just gave me my coffee for $ 1 bc he 's pissed they switched him to 3rd . Lol .
neutral	" Rock royalty in town : Dave Grohl 's Foo Fighters , with openers Royal Blood , at First Niagara tomorrow . HTTPURL @USER "
negative	1st they 're sour over Ayesha Curry 's clothing preference . Now Kendrick is nominated for 11 Grammys . Ratchet Twitter is fleeing for the hills
negative	@USER George Osborne must be p * * * ing himself . Talk about unintended consequences . PMQs will be interesting on Wednesday
neutral	Kris and Caitlyn Jenner Meet for the 1st Time - AOL On HTTPURL
negative	Bloody Sunday was the IRA 's biggest recruitment driver during The Troubles . Bombing Syria is bound to have the same effect I 'd have thought
neutral	Gucci host yourself thought february go ahead the set of two your minute sympathy procurement into diplomat support HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER got it on pre-order , now we just need The 7th Hokage and the Scarlet Spring to get a print release & the Day Naruto became Hokage "
positive	There is an emoji app with Kanye West emoji 's called Yemoji i may or may not have downloaded it
positive	" @USER Its wide open at the Open Championship , should be a cracker tomorrow , good luck to amateur Paul Dunne who started at 1,500 / 1 "
neutral	" Why is David Wright batting in the cleanup spot in his 1st game back ? That is why , upper deck home run on the 3rd pitch ! #Mets #DavidWright "
neutral	why did I never know about $ 1 coffees on Monday at Dunkin before #lifesavior
neutral	Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday reiterated his stance on the government 's approach to the ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Meal Plans begin on Saturday , August 15th ! Hit up Wag , Subway , Dunkin ' or one of the Pods to refuel during move-in ! HTTPURL "
neutral	" Better value phone that Moto G 3rd generation ? But Android only , people . I see you , you iTits . "
neutral	@USER hi ! Idk if I tweeted you before but It may have deleted . I was just wondering if you could please help me with Niall 's follow ?
negative	@USER Which may people think it is a bad game and that the major issue of Dark Souls games
neutral	Nobunaga 's Ambition : Sphere of Influence launches on PS4 tomorrow . I believe this is the PS4 ' s first strategy title . HTTPURL
negative	so mad I have school this week ... if I did n't I would be in NYC because Shawn has a show tomorrow and the jacks have one the day after
negative	Why could n't I have heard about the frank ocean spotify shit tomorrow or something :(
positive	The 15 seconds of fame Ansel gets in Paper Towns may have been the best part ...
neutral	Paul Dunne would Miss out on a $ 1.8 Million dollar payday if he wins tomorrow . He is an Amateur .
neutral	#worldheavyweightchampionship Seth Rollins losing would make a lousy Monday into the best day ever
neutral	Gucci bags foreconscious unafraidness july make clear the dyadic thine idiosyncratic streamlined in addition i ...
positive	Finally done with my 4th period hw time to watch naruto ! ! !
negative	" Horrendous , may their souls rest in peace , I hope the govt redoubles their efforts to wipe out Boko Haram . HTTPURL "
positive	" I turned on Monday night raw and in the first 10 seconds randy Orton rko 'd 2 people , talk about a perfect storm "
negative	" @USER it 's horrible , complete fail compared to the 1st movie . Rather watch Ant-man or Entourage . "
negative	Ryan Braun hit his 23rd homerun of the season ... but it 's not legit . #PEDs
positive	The way he convinced the non muslim til they converted to islam is beautifully done . SubhanAllah may Allah bless him and grant us Jannah
neutral	There is going hard and than there is Kendrick in Black Friday .
neutral	Latest : Jack McDermott QUITS job at McDonalds just weeks after coming 4th on Big Brother HTTPURL #Celebrity
neutral	" December 22 , Happy Birthday Robin + Maurice Gibbs of the Bee Gees . HTTPURL HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	" So my Moto G is now scheduled for next Thursday . Lame . Originally today , now a week later . How long does it take to get to NJ from Shenzhen ? "
negative	" being gay in general is haram in Islam . but if you 're a Muslim that 's gay , then May Allah guide you . "
neutral	@USER out here in the sticks . Next town over . Milan . I 'm going tomorrow @USER for another cornhole turny .
neutral	" Troy Bird 's 1st Grade teacher asked him how many stars there were on the American Flag . Chuck Norris replied " " Yes . " " and was correct . "
negative	Having a really hard time processing that Connor Howell sat on the Curtis side at the game last night .
neutral	Kim Kardashian was out in force to support her husband Kanye West at the MTV VMAs on Sunday .
negative	June 7-8 Red Sox at Giants . Who 's down to go and boo from the 3rd baseline ?
neutral	So has Seth Rollins chances of retaining the title just increased or decreased ? The world may never know ... until Night of Champions
positive	" By Tom Perry BEIRUT , Dec 7 ( Reuters ) - A Syrian opposition meeting due to begin in Saudi Arabia on Tuesday marks the most serious effort "
negative	" And that Nicki and Miley " " beef " " looked toooo staged , Nicki smiled , Miley response was too instant ( like she been practisin it ) .. c'mon MTV "
neutral	5 things we learned from Milan 2-1 Empoli : Milan recorded their first victory of the season on Saturday night ... HTTPURL
positive	Feeling down this Monday ? Check out this guy who dressed as baby Prince George for a week - it might cheer you up ! HTTPURL
neutral	If you open tomorrow and you 're not at dunkin at 7:15 do you even work at hersheypark ? the answer is no
neutral	Price stifles Halos as Blue Jays gain in races : David Price shut down the Angels for eight innings on Friday n ... HTTPURL
negative	Iran : Mass execution of 8 prisoners in just 3 days HTTPURL #health #politics #sun
neutral	@USER and then he 'll do Dustin Johnson things on Saturday and Sunday . #choke
neutral	" Erik Johnson to start for White Sox on Sunday : White Sox pitcher , Erik Johnson , will make his first major-lea ... HTTPURL "
positive	My mom has Intel that Caitlyn Jenner goes to the Starbucks down the road every morning . My brother is pleading to go tomorrow . That 's my day
neutral	Umps say no homer . Now Red Sox want to review whether or not Donaldson was safe at 3rd . Looked safe to me . #BlueJays
positive	The only reason Dustin Johnson did n't play well is because it 's a Sunday . Luckily for him the final round is on Monday . #TheOpen2015
positive	@USER I think I may be the only thing that likes twilight garrison more than you .
negative	" @USER ordered my Moto G last Friday , said it was all assemebled that day , still hasnt shipped . Bummed I do n't have my new phone yet ... "
neutral	i 'm gonna do this with zayn 's face HTTPURL
negative	Businesses closed on Sunday are against my beliefs and affect me but I deal with it . Gay marriage does n't even affect you so do n't be a dick
positive	@USER kendrick 's to pimp a butterfly is probably my fave album of the year alongside HBHBHB and sound & colour is a close 2nd
neutral	I guess I 'll make tomorrow Gilgamesh and Naruto night . The king returns mongrels . HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER everyone , the Eiffel Tower did n't go dark because of the recent attacks . That picture is from January after the Charlie Hebdo attack "
positive	" Ant-Man felt like the 1st IronMan movie 2 me . That 's good . It did feel like 2 films grafted onto each other . Not as good , but not bad either "
neutral	the lighting is tragic but here are some pics of shawn with fans at the Energy 103.7 event in San Diego on Saturday HTTPURL
neutral	@USER it may have been written it just probably was n't completely finished or nobody knew about Calibraska yet
neutral	" New Moto X , Moto G , 2nd - gen Moto 360 smartwatch : All about Motorola devices ... - IBNLive HTTPURL "
neutral	An IRA rollover may make sense whether you 're leaving one job for another or retiring altogether HTTPURL
positive	BEST NEWS I HEARD ALL DAY ! ! ! My boy from the @USER David Wright returns tomorrow ! WOOOOOO !
neutral	Your Tom Brady meme may just prove that you are a bigger fan of Social Media than you are of actual Football . #enoughalready
positive	@USER I 'm fucking loving this I hope this drags on all day tomorrow but he will join Real Madrid
negative	' Do n't tell the Bride ' really is dreadful - I think it may actually be worse than ' Big Brother '
neutral	@USER want Dunkin tomorrow morning ?
neutral	If you see me tomorrow I 'll be by Dunkin sitting by myself come find me
positive	" Like yoga ? This Monday is a Free Day of Yoga in Austin ! Of course , if you stay at The Fairview in the Live Oak ... HTTPURL "
neutral	#Confirmed | Shawn will be performing live on the @USER show tomorrow ( 9/7 ) . HTTPURL
positive	" News update New Review Update : July 23 , 2015 - Adam E . here with four new reviews . Today is National Hot Dog Day , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Gucci plenty jivatma hope june mellow the twain thine proper influence disjunction towards plaidoyer care of s ...
negative	The world is going to end the day Kanye West is elected pres or tomorrow
neutral	" Kentucky looked uglier than Caitlyn Jenner in the 2nd half , but a wins a win "
negative	" @USER @USER By Piper 's logic , it may be unsuitable for Christians to work for non-Christians , or elect them into government . "
positive	" Happy 2nd Birthday Prince George ! We , at SwimFin , think it 's the perfect time for George to pop on a SwimFin and ... HTTPURL "
positive	" Today in Beatles History ( May 26 , 1986 ): Paul McCartney is named the most successful musician of all time by the Guinness Book of Records . "
neutral	" Blossom is currently chilling as the 5th best selling vinyl on Amazon , behind Iron Maiden , Pink Floyd , Gilmour and Presley . Madness . "
neutral	" @USER Thanks for reminding me how fab I am . I may not have a Gucci bag but I have a neurologist , she 's from Eastern Europe . I 've arrived "
positive	#MTVSTARS Lady Gaga There 's a little black spot on the sun today That 's my soul up there It 's the same old thing as yesterday
neutral	A Washington state judge on Friday dismissed a lawsuit seeking photos from the death scene of Nirvana frontman ... HTTPURL
neutral	" But whatever The Sun says ( well most ) come out true And most media said Zayn will leave , he did Baby rumours are confirmed by Louis "
neutral	" Controversial as it may be , Undertaker got his victory over Brock Lesnar . Interested to see what comes of this . #BrockvsTaker #SummerSlam "
positive	" Saw the PlayStation 20th Anniversary PS4 controller up close today . Oh , man , do I want this ( as a huge fan of the original PlayStation ) . "
negative	" Not sure if I want the next few days to speed up for Foo Fighters , or slow down because I am off work until Monday . Conflicted . "
neutral	" @USER Yes Hayden is precious , the 1st job that came to my mind for Curtis was Stripper ... ( I 'm probably not precious ) #GH "
positive	You look at some people and you see the meaning of Islam . May Allah make us one of them !
neutral	" You missed the part where Saudi Arabia stated price hike is keeping in line with INTERNATIONAL ENERGY PRICES , right ? HTTPURL "
negative	i just do n't wanna miss anything it sucks waking up and realising that Zayn came back to 1D and the 5th album is out .
neutral	" @USER it 's from a rally after the Charlie Hebdo shooting in January . Not technically " " fake " " but not from tonight . "
neutral	Whose going to HMV in Leeds tomorrow to meet The Vamps ? ? #MTVStars The Vamps
positive	" RIP Frank Gifford , In my opinion the best play by play man ever on Monday Night Football . HTTPURL "
negative	Nirvana was scheduled to headline Lollapalooza in 1994 but dropped out on April 7th . Kurt Cobain 's dead body was found the next day .
positive	" Prince George turns 2 : His best style moments - He may be just two , but just like mom Kate Middleton , royal toddle ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Donald Trump : ' I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am HTTPURL #breaking-news
neutral	" That girl is me whenever Bad Blood comes on , well in my head I kill it like that but truly I 'm doing the sprinkler . HTTPURL "
neutral	What time does Floyd Mayweather vs Andre Berto start on Saturday and what TV channel is it on ? : All the key de ... HTTPURL
neutral	If I told you on April 1 that Josh Hamilton and Cole Hamels would be in the starting lineup on August 1 . How much would you have laughed ?
negative	" @USER do n't question the monarchy , but look at its butthurtedness . Then , tomorrow , look ! Baby pictures . Prince George and shit . "
neutral	I just found out Naruto did n't become the 5th Hokage ...
neutral	Wright set to start after coming off DL Friday : HTTPURL - - David Price will make his seventh star ... HTTPURL
positive	" Saturday morning means extra nice coffee , doing my nails & watching tv with my little cats prepping for Foo Fighters gig tonight at MK Bowl ! "
neutral	The only Milan player Carlos Bacca among the other 8 serie A players in the list here HTTPURL
negative	growing up by Macklemore + Ed Sheeran may b the worst song evr recorded holy hell it came on the radio and I almost jumped out a moving car
neutral	@USER Hey Shawn is there any chance you can give me a hint on what zombie map you will be playing tomorrow ? #ZombieSlayerSunday
positive	Lol what is my life I 'm wearing a kameez that was one of my Eid outfits in the 9th grade w a gharara from 10th grade
neutral	Dustin Johnson must have celebrated a bit too hard and too prematurely on Sat night . He finishes at - 4 dropping 6 shots in the final 2 days .
negative	Murray can't be happy with that tie-break esp . What did he need to do better this match ? #usopen HTTPURL
neutral	" I wonder " " @USER : Is Sunday Oliseh at Wembley to scout players for the Super Eagles ? " " "
negative	" I fucking hate Dana White , let 's not give Aldo a 2nd chance in a 13 sec fight but let 's give Rhonda a rematch when she gets destroyed . "
neutral	Actress and comedian Amy Schumer shared an intimate portrait on Monday that he would try a last-ditch appeal to New Zealand 's High Court .
positive	I need to go buy a shirt tomorrow or today to make for the Sam Smith concert next weekend I mean a week from today ! Ca n't wait !
neutral	@USER @USER you never know . It may be a song lyric from one of their songs on Calibraska
positive	" Since tomorrow is the 9th anniversary of George Harrison 's death , my tweets will just be about George . Sound good ? "
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER It may have been " " Mean " " to miss TS in DC but we 'll " " Shake It Off " " and put aside the " " Bad Blood " " "
negative	" The verbal feud between boxer Floyd Mayweather and the UFC 's ? ? Ronda Rousey ? ? continued into Thursday , when Mayweather issued a response to "
neutral	a bleeding threesome with Lady Gaga and Matt Bomer . It 's so simple . C'mon . HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	What do you think of the outfit Caitlyn Jenner wore to Kylie 's 18th ? HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Hey anyone wanna see the Zac Brown Band with me on Sunday at fenway ?
negative	News in on John Cena possibility hurt at a live event .. Looks like he may have re-injured his nose . Hopefully the rumor is false #wwe #Cena
positive	I liked a @USER video HTTPURL Nicki Minaj - Blazin ' ft . Kanye West with lyrics - PINK FRIDAY
negative	" scott walker may actual be dumber than he looks , which would be impressive "
positive	Literally so excited I 'm going to a Sam Smith concert in October
positive	I 'm still dying over the fact Fourth of July by Fall Out Boy was in Paper Towns omg
positive	Current person level of the Friday struggle : rocking out to Ed Sheeran #Fridaze
neutral	" @USER No , do n't think he 's ready yet . With Kane , N'Jie , Son , Chadli & Lamela we have enough options till Jan + Ade in case of emergency "
positive	Well I 'll be buying my PS4 on the 18th of March !
neutral	@USER and yet no word on this case ? So only freedom of Christians that think exactly like you ? HTTPURL
positive	Naruto may really be the child of God . Straight up healing the blind just like Jesus did . #shippuden
neutral	" @USER definately , I was hoping we 'd get a 3rd part with a Ho age Naruto & more Byakugan development .. The last movie sort of did it "
positive	@USER Those tickets may have sold out faster than the Kendrick Lamar show .
neutral	Some one go to Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean with me Saturday
positive	" @USER May #beauty & #love rest within your soul . Have a wonderful day , Ira ! HTTPURL "
negative	" I sat down two men today and all they could talk about was how nasty Caitlyn Jenner , i found their sexuality even more disgusting than hers "
neutral	Sat with the new Iron Maiden album and a cup of tea - writing the final few bits of my paper . #Bliss
positive	@USER @USER We saw the Foo Fighters Thursday night . It was an awesome show !
neutral	Dustin Johnson somehow just went from 1st to 50th in two rounds .
positive	" My mom just said , and I 'm not kidding : Tomorrow is Star Wars day , are you ready to see all the treakies at the theater ? "
positive	" @USER this tweet is from Jan , in reference to Charlie Hebdo . he 's still an absolute helmet though "
neutral	Oscar-winning actress Cate Blanchett may soon be joining the Marvel universe as she is in talks to star in the upcoming film #ThorRagnarok
neutral	Truth a good film with great work by Cate Blanchett . Deserves more screens than that . HTTPURL
positive	Damn my PS4 is on its waaaaaay <3 Should arrive today but I wo n't be there xD hopefully I can pick it up from the post office tomorrow ~ ~
neutral	Glad Kendrick got that album of the year nom but The Weeknd though ? C'mon man ... #fb
positive	" Royals , Hulk Hogan , and how to handle a bat in the house . All tomorrow on Hot Morning Show w / @USER on @USER ! "
negative	Q_Q Today was the day that Naruto shippuden : UNS 4 was suppose to come out . WHYYYYYYY DID THEY PUSH IT ALL THE WAY TO JAN ? ? ? HELLO
neutral	Kris Bryant exited the game due to dizziness after sliding head first into 2nd .
neutral	@USER Islam is still protected under the 1st Amendment .
positive	Rousey would make may weather tap out.She would knock the ' s of that fraud and fake . She loves the sport while the clown does it for the $
neutral	Listen for the Zac Brown Band sounder tonight and be caller 9 to win tickets to see them this Sunday ! HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER a couple of hours after that tweet , I heard that it is still on the cards . Big Brother may be watching ... "
neutral	" Sunday Cinema : Watch " " quiet Beatle " " George Harrison perform in a variety of settings on the anniversary of his death HTTPURL "
positive	Its Gucci tho ... I went from sleeping under cars to buying my 2nd crib . Thanks 4 the push
neutral	" Omg kim Kardashian has her own kimojis not fair , what 's this women gonna come up with next HTTPURL "
neutral	Here 's what happened when Jon Stewart got into the ring with John Cena during Sunday night 's WWE SummerSlam HTTPURL
neutral	" Paul Dunne shares TheOpen lead after 54 holes . If it holds , would be 1st amateur to do so since Bobby Jones ( 1927 ) . HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER Did you ever read the little bit of Midnight Sun that got leaked online . Twilight from Edward 's perspective , SO good ! "
neutral	Does n't even feel real that I 'm starting sixth form tomorrow in my head I 'm still 8 years old and obsessed with John Cena and Triple H
positive	@USER @USER @USER If they keep adding non DLC weapons I may hop back on PS4 some day . It was fun ... just lacking ...
negative	So Caitlyn Jenner may face man slaughter charges . He thought that the sex change would be easier for when she goes to prison
neutral	America . Where the Christians will enjoy Memorial Day off of work but will go to the office for Good Friday . #BecausePriorities
positive	@USER @USER Could happen again tomorrow night - with crazy Zac Brown Band fans
positive	Great day for baseball . David Price kills it in his debut for the Jays and then the Braves walk off in the 12th . Love this game ! !
negative	@USER LIES . Is n't there a curfew in place ? A quick google search indicates that this image was from the Charlie Hebdo march .
positive	" National hot dog day is tomorrow , my dream had meaning behind it "
neutral	" Sunday Bloody Sunday by U2 is #nowplaying in Vera 's On The Drive , Vancouver . Download it now at HTTPURL "
neutral	" You would think Tony Blair , more than most , would understand the consequences of a poorly thought out intervention - HTTPURL "
neutral	" Adams says he accepts finding in ' Slab ' libel case against Sunday Times over his alleged role in IRA , as the case was heard by a jury ( 1/2 ) "
neutral	Is it ironic that Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter ? Or is that just a pun
negative	" @USER @USER Mistake , they are not " " British " " , the UK Moslem community has no allegiance to the UK . 1st allegiance is to Islam . "
positive	Would lie in the sun and listen to Frank Ocean forever .
neutral	@USER Have you heard this Kendrick Lamar and J.Cole Black Friday ? Lol
positive	@USER miss you came back Monday Night raw love you miss you John Cena boy friend miss you together we love you big fan All good much
negative	Cos the @USER appears now to be run by 3rd world dictators whose agenda is to libel Israel ? HTTPURL
neutral	" Ice Cube , T Pain , Ashanti , Baby Bash , 2nd to None Live at Queen mary sept 12th . I got tickets if you need any $ 45 about 40 left "
neutral	Cameron : Tony Blair of the Cons ! May he have the same legacy ! HTTPURL
positive	Ooer . My main squeeze is taking me to the cinema tomorrow to see Thor fight the whale .
positive	" Paul McCartney is playing , what the hell are you doing not buying this ticket RIGHT NOW before someone else does ? ? HTTPURL "
negative	@USER jeez ... she offends me cuz she 's a hypocrite and gives real Christians a bad name ... and the 1st amendment is 1st for a reason !
neutral	That guy from Sunday night was actually the double of Sam Smith
positive	thinking about the number of people who may have discovered The Cure through Ant-Man makes me SO HAPPY
positive	" Janet Jackson opens #Unbreakable tour in Vancouver , introduces new song with Missy Elliott #UnbreakableVancouver HTTPURL "
positive	" Cannot wait to see Ant-Man and Southpaw with @USER tomorrow ! I need this downtime , badly ! "
negative	@USER is she cussing out Nicki ? I may need to learn how to work this tv
negative	@USER @USER Terror in Paris ... in January not just Charlie Hebdo unless dead Jews do n't count . #ParisAttacks
negative	" Taylor Swift 's song " " Bad Blood " " may be the most annoying song that 's currently playing on the radio #TooRepetitive "
neutral	I get to see David Wright play at Citi Field live on Friday night . I might not survive to actually get to the park . HTTPURL
neutral	" 2Pac may be dead but there is someone alive and kicking , you know who this is , Kanye West . "
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER Then read the truth about Churchill bearing in mind that Tony Blair may be a " " hero " " in 2115 . "
neutral	U2 man lets see how they open things in the morning thata when it really counts HTTPURL
neutral	Benefit show for the Gay and Lesbian Outreach Center on October 17th ! Let me know if you want to play !
positive	@USER Time for the europeans to enjoy U2 sitting on the couch on a friday evening :-)
positive	Sad to hear about Frank Gifford 's passing . I always remember him with Al Michaels and Dan Dierdorf on Monday Night Football
positive	So excited for Lolla Friday because so many amazing bands will be there oh and someone named Paul McCartney ? ? ? Idk if he 'll be good tho
negative	Meanwhile the amateur Paul Dunne has had an epic 4 stroke collapse on the final day of the #BritishOpen . from share of lead to tied for 18th
neutral	Deadpool game for Xbox One and PS4 arrives in mid-November : Activision has announced to release of the r ... HTTPURL #Fari
neutral	" focus on the fact that we have to get Calibraska to # 1 tomorrow , not on petty drama lol "
negative	yeah . its just that the other day my feed was plastered with hate to briana and I did HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Super Eagles will visit the Taifa Stars on September 5 #welovesport #sportsnownow @USER HTTPURL
neutral	Like a Rolling Stone competition with AP Physics 2nd period with Mr . Shaw . #DHSFIZIX HTTPURL
negative	No Nigerian Male artist can feature Sam Smith because they are afraid he may ask them for sex before the recording
positive	" @USER Hello Phil , i hope you play this game Knock Knock it comes to PS4 on September 10 HTTPURL "
positive	Going to see Paper Towns for the 4th time
positive	#Rangers THE UNBEATABLE ANDREW MILLER ... BLOWS UP IN THE 9TH ! Josh Hamilton walks it off with a 2 out knock .. YANKEES LOSE
negative	" If v leave Yakub today , tomorrow again he ll kill 257 innocent people . What kind of justice , is it ? #YakubDebate "
neutral	yo if Last Friday Night by Katy Perry does n't take you back to bomb middle school days then I feel very bad for you
positive	@USER Happy bday PRINCE GEORGE May GOD bless u with many more years to live :-)
neutral	Ajay Devgan starrer ' Baadshaho ' to be released on Republic day 2017 ( 26th jan 17 ) which Directed by Milan ... HTTPURL
neutral	Many may know Frank Gifford as a legendary football player devoted to the New York Giants . Others may hear his ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER Well , you definitely should give them a 2nd chance . They have A TON of people on who speak up for Christians and life . "
neutral	@USER so kris Bryant was coming up but he decided to send him with the ball in infield and Russ barely turning 3rd base ... Smh
positive	" Condolences to the Family , Friends and Fans of legendary football player and broadcaster , Frank Gifford . May he Rest in Peace . "
negative	But Saturday Shawn was trying to say that he 's single in Spanish . Who the fuck knows anymore ? ! ? !
neutral	@USER I may watch them just to see why people are saying Nicki called out Miley lol . That was probably deserved .
neutral	" Wait , who 's that running into the debate ? It 's ... It 's Hulk Hogan as the 18th Candidate ! And he just clobbered Jeb with a chair #GOPDebate "
neutral	If the PGA tour just played Thursday Friday Saturday . Dustin Johnson would win every tournament
neutral	i remember when niggas use to compete with me on who knew the most Gucci lol real deal fan hear since a 4th grader lol unk put me on
positive	Star Wars Day . May the 4th inch be Within You . HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	it would be a christmas miracle if I woke up tomorrow and there were justin bieber tickets under the tree
neutral	Because it 's Real Madrid bet it happens HTTPURL
negative	I got an iced coffee from Dunkin donuts this morning and it literally tasted like sink water and it ruined my whole Thursday
positive	Ant-Man starts tonight ! Runs Fri-Mon at 8: 00pm nightly & is rated PG . See you at the movies :) HTTPURL
neutral	NORTH AMERICA : ' Ant-Man ' Claims # 1 on Tuesday with $ 4.27 M ; ' Minions ' Remains a Close # 2 with $ 4.01 M ; ' Pixels ' ... HTTPURL
positive	should I force my dad to go to the cinema with me and watch Ant-Man ( that would be my 2nd time watching it ) ( i missed the post-credit scene )
positive	The new Fantastic Four movie is n't that bad at all ! Tomorrow I 'm going to watch Ant-Man ! :)
positive	" Paul Dunne had some day today at St.Andrews ... Brilliant achievement so far for an amateur , be great to see him stay in touch tomorrow . "
positive	" Best HR derby , Josh Hamilton 28 monster blasts DEEP into the Bronx night , a record 1st round.Then like his career , faded , just three in finals . "
neutral	" As Kanye West confused the world with his VMAs acceptance speech on Sunday , there stood ... HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER I think xbox and ps4 gets it on the 24th
neutral	Or maybe Apple will bring U2 back . We 're kidding . U2 is totally not going to come back Haha HTTPURL
positive	Tomorrow when I run into you ( Making love in my sex dreams ) #MTVStars Lady Gaga
neutral	" @USER @USER At the coming down of the sun.We will remember them.Do IRA appeasers , Blair , Corbyn , remember ? HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER Go for Moto G 2nd Gen , amazing Phone with no bugs HTTPURL Smooth performance and elegant look "
neutral	" On December 2 , Kartell , an Italian furniture company headquartered in Milan , brought the great Master of Design , ... HTTPURL "
positive	Watching David Price and the Blue Jays on Saturday night ! ! Definitely Jays Fever #letsgobluejays
positive	if anyone wants to take me to the Jason Aldean concert either August 28th or 29th please feel free ! !
negative	" #IMF : Iran 's economy faces serious risks , I am afraid the downside . Iran #GDP may be withdrawn after the ( cont ) HTTPURL "
neutral	An old pic of George Harrison and Ringo in my Sunday paper . Does n't Ringo look like @USER in it ? ! HTTPURL
negative	" The Great Wall of Sharknado , the 9th Wonder of the World . Oh , HELL NO ! #Sharknado3 "
positive	I bought Twilight again bc I lost my old copy and I 'm uncool and lame and enjoy it just as much as when I read it in 7th grade
neutral	Lost in the Trump polling boom is the fact that John Kasich is going to make top 10 ( I think ) in the 1st debate . HTTPURL
neutral	Absolute must-read . Where the Kane investigation stands & what could happen going forward . #Blackhawks #PatrickKane HTTPURL
neutral	" White Sox win a challenge , Alexei Ramirez ruled safe at second upon review . Sanchez up with 0 out in the 5th . "
neutral	" Frank Gifford dies . May the man rest in peace . An all-time great player and broadcaster , no question HTTPURL "
positive	We are 5 minutes in on Sharknado 3 #OhHellNo and already I think this may be the most impactful movie since Schindler 's List
neutral	" @USER John Kasich is " " tan " " , rested , and ready . He 's ready to get " " 1/3 rd " " of the black vote and not be a " " nutjob " " .. * sarc * @USER "
negative	Why do n't you let Carly Fiorina debate ? She 's tough and smart and has ranked 5th in most polls . What a waste of ratings ! ! !
neutral	Follow the top Justin Bieber stories for Dec 24 on our topical page : HTTPURL
positive	" @USER Coming up , song requests for The Vamps , Sam Concepcion , Darren , JK , Jason and Lyca , it 's a Monday and the votes are tight ! "
neutral	" It may sound like I 'm angry with Naruto ... In a way , I kind of am . But , he 's trained with the best . I know he 'll be okay . "
negative	BREAKING NEWS : Caitlyn Jenner May Face Manslaughter Charges in Fatal Car Accident.good he ain't above the law.make him pay .
positive	stuffing my face with fried chicken and chinese take out while listening to kpop is my saturday night aesthetic
positive	@USER can you wish me good luck for Wednesday ? I have exam #MTVStars The Vamps #VampsAlbumOutNow
positive	That 2 1/2 hours makes the whole Janet Jackson thing seem like CBS Sunday Morning . #VMAs
neutral	me Sam and Curtis sat outside the fire station for over an hour at 4am for no reason whatsoever
neutral	" @USER In Israel no one calls it terrorism , they call it Wednesday . "
positive	Alright Randy Orton 's body is the 8th wonder of the world
positive	Kendrick Lamar seems to be topping every ' Albums of 2015 ' list so far ( Stereogum put him 2nd ) . Ca n't see an argument against it .
neutral	" Tomorrow on D & C we will speak with Tom Brady , react to his dad 's domination of Chip Franklin & discuss to Kirk 's evisceration of Peter King . "
neutral	I can't wait for 3 more seconds of Twilight Town or that same Hercules boss on the train . HTTPURL
positive	Ice Cube 's son better be in the new Friday movie
neutral	" Tigers jump out to a 1-0 lead in Houston . Victor Martinez RBI single in the 4th . Meanwhile , David Price is shutting out the Yankees thru 7 "
neutral	" Sam last night : " " Shawn tomorrow morning we should wake up at like 9 and make breakfast " " ... it 's 1:34 and he has n't gotten out of bed yet "
negative	I thought it was Saturday and I did n't know Big Brother was on tonight how awk
positive	@USER hi Niall tomorrow is my birthday if u follow me it will be the best gift ever x3
positive	" Janet Jackson 's album comes out on October 2nd , Janet Jackson is currently on it 's supporting tour ... "
neutral	" November 1 : Selena with Amy Schumer backstage at the 19th Annual Hollywood Film Awards in Beverly Hills , California . HTTPURL "
neutral	Paul Dunne has won his Rd . 3 ( 16 ) match against @USER 3 & 2 at the #USAmateur . A big QF match awaits tomorrow . HTTPURL
neutral	" Thor said Thursday during press conf that he had tricks up his sleeve for tonight . It was the Warthen slider , he relied on it heavily 3 IP + "
positive	It 's going to take everything in me to not stop at Dunkin tomorrow morning
positive	" Katie Price , who won Celebrity Big Brother in February , returned to the site of her triumph on Thursday night for the launch of the new "
neutral	ok just remembered a few hours ago that the Ed Sheeran concert is tomorrow and Charles is in town to go with me
neutral	What I noticed was that the growth rate of Muslims actually fell by 5 % over previous decade . Change coming ? HTTPURL
positive	@USER c'mon Shawn you love Portugal #GetShawnToPortugal
negative	#ENG under investigation after fielding 12 players in the 2nd half . Turns out Kane 's mate joined him on the pitch HTTPURL
positive	Sam smith tomorrow with my little sister sure why not . LOL
positive	This got several lols and if mum 's allergy test goes well tomorrow I may play it to Thor when I bring him home ! ... HTTPURL
positive	" @USER is selling two tickets to The Vamps on the 26th of March at face value , DM her for more info :) "
positive	Prince George Smiles With Prince William in the Cutest New Photo Released Ahead of 2nd Birthday HTTPURL #celebrities
negative	Watching TFI Friday / The Chris Evans Show :D Nothing like it used to be . Talk about painful to watch . Some things are best left in the past .
neutral	Caitlyn Jenner May Face Manslaughter Chargesk ! ! ! the whole story : HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	Randy Orton opening the show tonight like he should be on Sunday . #SummerSlam #Raw - BW
positive	@USER I may put off the PS4 till the Star Wars one . Paul McCartney is coming to town !
neutral	" She made her entrance with the tune of " " Bad Blood " " omg sbnabs HTTPURL "
positive	@USER I 'll take you for Dunkin or whatever you what soon like Thursday or Wednesday or a day
neutral	@USER 2nd time he has been injured close to a match against Seth Rollins maybe satan tryna tell us something
negative	@USER collapse without them . And the selective morality of Christians and Right Wing nuts are buying into this . From him ? ! ? C'mon ...
neutral	Thought the boys taking a break will allow me concentrate on my school lessons ha . Forgot ZAYN IS OUT THERE ZOLO & MAY DROP A SINGLE ANYTIME
neutral	@USER Kane walked off with a tight calf last saturday . If he starts i guess N'jie will be on the bench .
neutral	Mighty Quinn : November 14 : And the the winner is ... Curtis The Boxer : HTTPURL
neutral	" David Price shut down the Angels for eight innings on Friday night , holding them to two runs on six hits and ... HTTPURL "
negative	Black Friday has such a minor role for Yakub it 's not even funny . Considering he 's the only one who got the death penalty . #JustSaying
neutral	" @USER have n't you heard , Zayn an Louis got married in Thailand . Just ask The Sun "
neutral	@USER I 'll be back for the Ed Sheeran concert Sunday night
neutral	Here 's some of my @USER colleagues with Martin McGuinness . Some of them represent the ward the IRA blew up HTTPURL
neutral	" I wanna wait until Jack and Jack tweet out the link because when I look up Calibraska , it says it was released on July 31st "
neutral	JB m & g be like u may not touch Justin Bieber u may not look at Justin Bieber u may not be present in your photo with Justin Bieber You may
positive	So Michael Cole really sat there and called John Cena a fellow legend along with Sting ? Wow . #WWE #RAW
neutral	Brandon Crawford knocks in Ryan Braun with a sac fly in the 9th . 6-3 AL #ASG
neutral	Official did not quit over Yakub : SC The Supreme Court Registry on Sunday took serious objection to the news item in the electroni .. #HINDU
positive	Tom Brady gone get it tomorrow hopefully he ready
neutral	" Galliani to GdS on not having a sporting director : " " I do n't see the problem . This is my 30th year at Milan and I have a lot of relations --> "
neutral	Police to recommend Caitlyn Jenner face manslaughter charges for car crash . It 's about bloody time . HTTPURL
neutral	1st ) why she in the Cullen 's house from Twilight ? 2nd ) just ... Why ? HTTPURL
neutral	@USER @USER you guys just hit the ball well and Thor settled in after the 2nd .
negative	I get 2nd hand embarrassment from thinking about Niall during viva la vida on a daily basis
neutral	The arrow and the flash dropping crossover episodes with similar names is way more dope than j Cole and Kendrick Lamar dropping Black Friday
positive	I had a dream yesturday that I went to a one direction concert and sat front row and Niall waved to me and he hopped off stage and hugged me
positive	if anyone wants to surprise me with a mocha iced coffee from Dunkin tomorrow that 'd be cool
positive	@USER and I just watched Thor for like the 20th time last night
positive	" Bloody hell , ok so in 3 days thats Mad max , Big hero 6 and Naruto : The last . Now about to watch the Lego movie , Think I may OD on good films "
neutral	WWE may be staged but Brock Lesnar is just a monster . He nearly made an NFL team with no football experience HTTPURL
neutral	Caitlyn Jenner & Kris Jenner Come Face-To-Face : The cameras were rolling as Caitlyn Jenner sat down with Kris ... HTTPURL
positive	TODAY remembers ' triumph ' Frank Gifford : See his best moments HTTPURL via @USER May he rest in peace !
neutral	" We 're going to see Ant-Man tomorrow . If you 'd like to go , meet at the Warehouse at 11:30 , so we can eat lunch in ... HTTPURL "
positive	David coming through the with an Ed Sheeran ticket is the best thing in boyfriend history HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Horrible . Diehard fans may love the hard R , but lots of people will pass . Ant-Man was fun , quirky , enjoyable . Not this . "
positive	Just wanna listen to nirvana til the sun comes up
positive	" I liked a @USER video HTTPURL Sibling-wed Game with Scott and Chris Evans , Part 2 "
neutral	Incredible picture but it 's from the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo shooting in January HTTPURL
positive	" Also , tonight is David Wright 's 1st Citi Field game since April 14th . Welcome home Captain ! "
neutral	Red Sox lineup : David Ortiz returns after leaving Sunday game with sore calf HTTPURL
positive	John Kasich should feel proud of his performance at the #GOPDebate Thursday night . He looked more presidential than the rest of the field .
neutral	" Watch tomorrow 's news is going to be all about " " Niall and Camila . Are they dating ? " " "
neutral	" @USER Who knows ? Next CBB may have Hulk Hogan , The Lord in a brassiere and Chippy the Budgie . "
negative	Caitlyn Jenner Fears Going To Jail More Than She Did Transitioning : Caitlyn Jenner may be going to jail and th ... HTTPURL
positive	I may or may not have just DVR 'd the Sharknado trilogy for Saturday . Ca n't wait to see what the hype is about . #sorrynotsorry
neutral	@USER The 1st Amendment applies to EVERYONE not just Christians . She does not have the right to force others to follow her faith .
negative	SOAK may have overtaken Sam Smith as the shittest artist currently in the charts
positive	" Happy Thursday morning ... It 's the last day to register to win Luke Bryan tickets ... and Zac Brown Band " " win ' em ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Liam may be the dad of the group but Niall 's the other more strict dad who gotta whip the boys in shape If U Aint Listening Ull get Crackerd
neutral	on saturday i 'll count how many white girls with Nirvana shirts and flannels i ses
positive	" You could win tickets to see Janet Jackson at Bankerslife Fieldhouse Nov 9 . txt " " MISSJANET " " to 24609 for you ... HTTPURL "
neutral	When niggas in the bus are playing Kendrick and Cole 's Black Friday out loud > > >
neutral	( #NinoAcostaH ) Hamilton 's homer backs Perez 's stellar start : Josh Hamilton shattered the offensive silence Sun ... HTTPURL
negative	How did Sharknado get a 3rd film ? How did Sharknado even get a film to begin with ? Life does n't make much sense .
negative	" All Nicki said was " " what 's good " " like c'mon now we get it she a bad bitch ok "
positive	Bellucci played a great 3rd set but Murray was just too good . He advances into week 2 with a comfortable 6-3 6-2 7-5 win #TeamMurray #usopen
negative	" @USER not support . They said need to talk to those groups to end conflict , as UK gov did with IRA . Please stop believing Sun . "
positive	@USER DONT OMFG well . I only came back because Naruto hooks up with Hinata and the 2nd gen is cute .
positive	Tony Blair was the best Prime Minister and the best Labour Leader . God Bless him and long may he live .
positive	Tomorrow will be the best day of my life . Calibraska and Vidcon I 've never been so happy
neutral	okay for real if someone has tickets for the Ed Sheeran show on October 8th let me know i will do anything to be at that show
neutral	Think I might go to the movies on Saturday morning . Should I see Ant-Man or Inside Out ?
neutral	Re-watching the Miss USA pageant and Miss Rhode Island may have just made me cry
neutral	#Brewers Ryan Braun records his 10th career game with at least 5 RBI
neutral	" Sam Smith is going to be in Madrid next Saturday , bruhhhhhhh ... "
neutral	The fact Ben and I might see Paper Towns together may make us gay .
positive	" What I would n't give to see the Zac Brown Band , at Wrigley , Friday night , September 11th , as they sing Chicken Fried . #MayFreedomForeverFly "
positive	Threw out 1st pitch tonight and David Wright was so nice to sign it #StLucieMets #TraditionField HTTPURL
neutral	Why would n't Brock Lesnar be on Monday Night #RAW tonight ?
neutral	" Defeating BOKO Haram is no longer in two months , it is now by December ( 7 months ) . #ChangingCHANGI "
neutral	Dustin Johnson will pound the driver on Monday and must make big putts early . #Spieth will handle the pressure . Watch out for Goosen .
neutral	is anyone NOT going to Zac Brown Band tomorrow
positive	Can it be friday already ? I wanna see Jason Aldean
neutral	Can you imagine a Night under the Sun in Takoradi for a Digital and Analog games night for Christians and all ? ... HTTPURL
positive	Thursday night 's #GOPDebate was the highest-rated primary debate in TV history . Must be because of that John Kasich sex appeal .
negative	HTTPURL Hulk Hogan hit rock bottom Friday when he was fired by WWE . The National Enquirer reported racist comments that Hogan
positive	" But really someone come with me tomorrow night to see " " Paper Towns " " "
positive	" @USER Go with the Moto G 3rd gen 16 GB overall a very good phone , even the OnePlus One is a good choice but cam better on Moto G3 . "
positive	" This is what my Friday night has come to , arguing with my da about Kanye West .. How can you not love Kanye like ? ! "
negative	Thursday is Thor 's day and I 'm sore from the thunder of stress that I 'm under
positive	Bummed about Frank Ocean but this is soooo exciting ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Dear Lord of Israel , we humble ourselves this morning and come before you . May your Hand deliver us from this ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Uncharted 4 : A Thief 's End launches for PS4 in North America on March 18 , 2016 , Sony announced today.The latest game in the Naughty D ... "
positive	" 8th inning at Fenway . The Red Sox are 6 outs away from a 3 game sweep of the Phillies , leading 6 to 1 . "
positive	@USER please play toes by the Zac Brown Band in honor of my vacation that starts next Tuesday !
positive	" Murray with another huge 1st down run , 26 yds "
neutral	Secured beta access for Rainbow Six Seige on both Xbox One and PS4 . Is it September 24th yet ?
negative	@USER May Israel obey the Ten Commandments one day ? No Israel thinks it is above God or justice .
positive	All Right Red Sox ! ! ! Beat the White Sox 5-4 Monday ! ! ! HTTPURL
negative	" If I was Walcott , Sterling or Kane sat on the bench , I 'd be insulted that Vardy is playing over me . A hard worker , but not international lvl "
positive	Tonight 's Final : 4-2 ! ! ! White Sox win their 60th of the season . Rodon wins his 6th ! HTTPURL
negative	Huge difference isis is killing innocents on the other hand Saudi Arabia kill accused people HTTPURL
neutral	" The video was shot during the Floyd Mayweather vs . Andre Berto press conference yesterday , the 6th . "
neutral	Nooww it 's September 2 and we still do n't have our schedules PRINCE GEORGE WAS GOOD ?
positive	@USER I want to watch Paper Towns ! Free tomorrow evening ? X
positive	This is what I meant when I say being a Music Prod student is like being a Kpop trainee minus the dancing XD HTTPURL
positive	" Since today is National Ice Cream Day , does that mean that tomorrow is the observation of National Ice Cream Day ? "
positive	" Thursday Night we are giving away a pair of tickets to the Jason Aldean concert on Aug 22nd , come in for your ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I remember when you kissed me on 6th street wait for me to come home _ Ed Sheeran #2weeks HTTPURL
negative	Why the hell did Audrey from Big Brother show up on my Facebooks people you may know
neutral	@USER I was n't saying that . I 'm saying is that the religion of Islam may create more of these terrorist organizations
positive	@USER I got inspiration from Niall in the 2nd outfit bc all he wears is a stripped shirt & black pants ok
positive	@USER you and me both . Was chatting to @USER about 4th wall breaking after Ant-Man
positive	" @USER Concerned . If Murray can win this 3rd set , I think / hope he can win the match :) "
neutral	" Obama , what a coup for Islam and the Left . The race wars in the US are getting closer , and a 3rd term for Obumma "
negative	Is the RNC afraid of Carly Fiorina ? Call the RNC at 202-863-8500 . She 's earned 1st debate stage . HTTPURL
negative	tomorrow i 'm gonna lock myself in my room and not be on social media all day bc I do n't want to see any posts about Ed Sheeran concert :( ( (
neutral	Is anyone interested in going to the Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow at 7pm ? I 'm selling one of my tickets :)
positive	Hey it 's Wednesday so its time to take another easy to read look at a presidential hopeful . Who is Carly Fiorina ? HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER its out today on Xbox 1 and PS4 , its PC , 360 and PS3 that are getting it on the 9th and 10th , PS4 will be around 5pm and 2pm on Xbox "
neutral	Who 's down to go to the White Sox game with me tomorrow ?
positive	" @USER am heading to see the Foo Fighters on Saturday , but if I 'm honest , am more excited to see u lot at #Balstock - do n't tell my g / f "
neutral	Fifty five years ago today TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD was published . GO SET A WATCHMAN is released tomorrow . Will you read it ?
neutral	Sting save Randy Orton from the attack of the Authority ; Raw 16 March 2015 HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Tues . night I heard Nirvana , Pearl Jam , Smashing Pumpkins , Janes Addiction . Seems like it was all 90 ' s alternative . "
neutral	" When Paul Dunne made his 3 wishes , perhaps he should have been more specific than " " # 1 Be leading up the 18th on Sunday at The Open " " #bbcgolf "
neutral	" After taking big hit in the polls , Scott Walker was last seen studying the 14th amendment . Hope he gets it right this time . #tcot "
negative	" Caitlyn Jenner may not be " " down " " with gay marriage , but she should really understand that people are gonna see that as hypocritical . "
neutral	And ASU tackles Murray short of the 1st down for the first time
positive	" no sleep the week of TTK . 24 hour stream of TTK Launch with @USER on PS4 , and then Kings Fall Raid on Friday Night . Yasssssss "
neutral	Does anyone from Sharknado 3 want to jump on the air in St . Louis tomorrow ? @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER
positive	Monday and you 're all over me Now it 's Friday and you 're MIA #MTVSTARS Lady Gaga
neutral	SOS where do I find the 4th season of Naruto online ?
positive	" Whatever thoughts and feelings Watchman is giving you , come along on July 29th to chat all things Mockingbird ! It 'll be a lively discussion ! "
neutral	Kris Bryant hit his 2nd career walk-off to put the #Cubs 6 1/2 games over the #SFGiants for the 2nd wild card spot in the NL
neutral	Thursday 's just are n't the same without Naruto
neutral	" @USER 2nd time , Milan v Spurs at the San Siro , Zlatan equalise on 90 mins disallowed "
neutral	So sorry to hear of the passing of Frank Gifford . Prayers to @USER and her family . May God comfort you . #RIPFrankGifford
negative	" Blighttown may be annoying , but the worst place in Dark Souls , in my opinion , was Crystal Cave . Fuck those invisible platforms . "
positive	Rise and shine ! Start your week with yoga at @USER every Monday at 9am
neutral	" @USER The black guy always dies first in Friday the 13 movies , Curtis . "
neutral	@USER Ca n't say I was overly comfy with it in the mall first Fri afternoon in Eid . So many men . No women . Tried to shrink bust inwards .
negative	I 'd rather get punched in the face by john cena than go to school tomorrow smh
neutral	" Does this photo mean Sam Smith is singing the theme to Spectre , the next Bond movie ? Official word tomorrow . HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER gucci fck around get freed to perform 15th and the 1st
neutral	" @USER : See the condition of congress , 4th pass Sonia Gandhi bar maid & Rahul Gandhi are at top post of oldest party of country "
negative	Kurt Cobain Solo Release HTTPURL Any REAL Nirvana fan WILL NOT be buying this .. just money grabbing Brett Morgan and Courtney
neutral	" @USER once because of the Charlie Hebdo shootings in January , and this time in the light of the Paris terror attacks . "
neutral	" Windy evening twilight enhanced by the Sun 's angle , can visually mimic a tornado resulting from orographic lift HTTPURL "
positive	" Cristiano Ronaldo : " " We are Real Madrid , so we are going to win against Atletico this sunday . " " Wise words from the best player in the world ! "
neutral	Chris Evans and Robert Downey Jr . Are about to be on Jimmy Kimmel live on ABC and since Disney owns ABC they may have the Civil war preview .
neutral	" More than just pyramids : @USER ' s new exhibition looks at 1200 yrs of Christianty , Judaism & Islam in Egypt HTTPURL "
neutral	" Thinking about work tomorrow makes me wanna puke haha , but at least I work with briana "
neutral	@USER @USER Lithium is essential for fuel cells AND anti-depressants . It 's the element of the 21st C . & Bolivia the Saudi Arabia
positive	" Welp I got 3/5 right for AOTY , Kendrick deserves it but it may come down to Taylor or The Weeknd "
neutral	Oomf just tweeted we bring Wayne Rooney back from Belgium that his next goal may be when Caitlyn Jenner changes back to a man
neutral	" @USER @USER " " you may not speak to Justin bieber unless spoken to " " wow did n't know I was paying to meet the queen "
negative	The sun look more hurt about zerries break up than zayn and Perrie
neutral	@USER I want to get my MOTO G 1st gen exchnagr with new MOTO G 3rd gen . Pls give me a deal . Let 's start a contest for it
neutral	" Judging by the end of Cole 's black friday song , his and Kendrick Lamar 's collab is dropping february biblical stuff "
negative	" Bumpy road ... George Osborne - " " UK wo n't help with brigding loan to Greece " " according to The Guardian . HTTPURL "
negative	November 21 in the lonely hour tour .. OKAY SAM SMITH OKAY ! ! ! :-( ( ( TAPOS SOLD OUT PA OKAY ! ! ! OKAY LANG TALAGA
negative	Steve may in fact be the biggest pussy in Big Brother history #BB17
neutral	EN DIRECT sur #Periscope : im practicing the rolling stone for wednesday in quebec HTTPURL
neutral	Ryan Braun is batting . 284 with 25 home runs and 81 rbis . But his team is in 4th . He will never be better than Curtis Granderson .
neutral	" @USER how man joins , Sikh , Christians , Parsi " " ? ? the real Minorities Muslim are 2nd biggest population in our country "
negative	" Christians threatened with violence for worshipping Christ . No , not in Saudi Arabia . In Texas . HTTPURL "
negative	" Just put the TV on , see George Osborne . My Sunday is ruined . #marr "
neutral	@USER ok so I guess they update it every ten mins so hold on it may not be stupid lol #MTVStarOf2015 Lady Gaga
positive	Already done ! See you at Milan HTTPURL
negative	Hard to believe this is from January - Charlie Hebdo attacks prove critics were right about Islam HTTPURL via tennessean
positive	We should probably take this opportunity to inform you that the Mets have the bases loaded with 2 out in 8th and David Wright batting .
neutral	" Are you coming along to one of our Go Set a Watchman reading groups tomorrow ? 11-12 , 2-3 , and 4-5 in store , free to attend . See you there ! "
neutral	" Other boxers may have a good jab , a good left hook , they may go the body well , but I do Everything Great - Floyd Mayweather "
negative	The fact I probably wo n't see them again before march makes me want to cry #MTVStars The Vamps
neutral	White Sox arms of the future measured Wednesday on the Sano Factor HTTPURL via @USER
positive	" Hi y'all I 'm selling three tickets at face value ( $ 80 ) for Amy Schumer on Friday in MKE , let me know if you want them ! "
positive	" Enjoy the summer , celebrate National Ice Cream Day this Sunday ! Visit Honey Cup in the Channel Islands Harbor , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Ice Cube still look the same as he did in the Friday movies .. Everybody else looking old
neutral	Super Eagles play Tanzania today . Most Nigerians are just waiting for them to lose so they lambast Sunday oliseh and the whole of NFF .
positive	first day of KPOP club tomorrow ! I 'm super excited ! HTTPURL
positive	I did n't know Dean Ambrose can act but #12rounds3lockdown looks amazing can't wait to see it in September
negative	All around bad game for the pitchers tonight 5th one in the game & the White Sox are still swinging the bats #Indians #MLB #PlayoffRace
neutral	@USER only thing that is guaranteed of tomorrow is the finishing off of any Christians left in the M . E ... Hazel wallah you 're giving
neutral	Monday Twilight Schools Football Last night was the final evening for Twilight Football . It was a very close ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Annoyingly , when you search " " Sufism " " what appears are concerts of sema which may not even have anything to do with Islam.hais . "
neutral	@USER would n't be the 1st one dimensional player to ever make top 10 . Murray needs to watch out here #breakers
neutral	@USER @USER what can I say more ... May Allah open the eyes to richest Muslims in this world ... HTTPURL
neutral	" David Wright went 0 - for - 4 with an RBI Saturday for Class A Advanced St . Lucie , in what Mets officials have ... HTTPURL "
neutral	DONT LET US GET ONE TONIGHT . deGrom Tuesday and anything can happen with THOR on Wednesday .
positive	" @USER I do n't know , maybe one day I the future . I 'm going Saudi Arabia and dubai in March insha allah "
positive	" Balotelli will be Milan 's most important player , for the 2nd half of the season . Remember this . "
positive	I may have 2-3 tickets tonight for JASON ALDEAN . If interested please stay in touch !
neutral	Yes ! I always wanted to know the meaning of Seth Rollins tattoo . HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Read the 14th Admendment , thats were SCOTUS says the power for Gay marriage lays . In the Due Process Clause and Equal Protection "
positive	I liked a @USER video HTTPURL Justin Bieber Full Interview October 4 - 2015 ( Selena Gomez and What do you mean )
neutral	For our Sunday we have ... we have the computer hooked up and I have a little time on it this morning . Bee Gees ... HTTPURL
neutral	Fil-Aussie Jason Day is currently tied for the lead in the British Open at - 12 together with Paul Dunne and Louis Oosthuizen after 3rd round
neutral	" Zayn 's hair is dark in the 1st and last Insta post but in the middle , his hair is silver ... "
neutral	@USER his 1st tweet after the attack was this . it 's not unlikely he 'd tweet that then after Charlie Hebdo HTTPURL
positive	It was a nice experience sharing some insights on Peace n notably the Boko Haram story with young men and women last Wednesday in Cameroon .
neutral	This is the 2nd time Caitlyn Jenner has committed manslaughter #BruceJenner
neutral	Our Childcare costs are going up by 11 % in October . Thanks to George Osborne .
positive	" proper geeking out today ; Ant-man was so good and Under the dome till i sleep , mate im gonna be dead tomorrow "
neutral	Chris Evans & amp ; Robert Downey Jr . discuss the struggles of filming Captain America : HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	Classic Tuesday with Rusty : Zelda - Twilight Princess : HTTPURL
neutral	@USER may not affect end result on Yakub . But he does have unquestionable right 2 voice opinion . Wrong 2brand #SalmanWithTerrorist
positive	" Monday was a great sign for David Wright . But if he stumbles , he 's willing to take a backseat : HTTPURL HTTPURL "
positive	" One of the worlds biggest stars Paul McCartney will be at a church tomorrow right on my door step , probably would n't get to talk to him "
neutral	" Poll Positions : Who Gets Into the Republican Debate : Rounding Could Decide : For now , John Kasich is in and Rick Perry is out of Thurs ... "
negative	Islam must be destroyed along with all mosques where the breed future terrorists imams are 5th columnist and should be deported
negative	" And the UFC is fucked up , Why you may ask ? Because they are all getting hoed and controled by Dana White "
negative	The march of ISIS seems to have begun in India with Yakub 's funeral . They want to wave off murder of 257 on mere repentance ?
neutral	I want 2 promote calibraska at Taylor swift tomorrow should I do it
positive	" If Milan win the derby next Sunday absolute banger at my house , I PROMISE "
neutral	" Never underestimate the number of white , affluent Christians at Babe 's on a Sunday afternoon "
neutral	" BREAKING : Floyd Mayweather will fight a guy who he hand picked , and knows has no shot of beating him on September 12th in Las Vegas . "
positive	I would say him and Rousey are the hottest athletes in sports right now . SAVAGE HTTPURL
positive	" @USER #ASKCAIRNEY - Jim , if you 'd played in Milan would we have won our 2nd Big Cup ? All the best , Douglas from Santiago . "
positive	" Bad Blood drops next Friday ! Hyped ! #theghostisneartour is in Gettysburg tonight , so come hang ! @USER HTTPURL "
negative	" The Mets get David Wright back tonight . But as Nats fans know , that 's not automatically a good thing for the Mets . HTTPURL "
neutral	" While MSNBC host Chris Matthews may be over the moon about John Kasich , seeing him as the most " " moderate " " and ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER Eid 3rd day , you are looking simple and sweet HTTPURL "
neutral	Scott Walker says he unsealed his records from college : False HTTPURL via @USER
negative	" * Paris in January during the Charlie Hebdo attack . Please , people . Fact checking principles exist for a reason . HTTPURL "
neutral	" #On a walk with Rahul Gandhi #jobs #500K # : #Last Monday , a crowd of about a thousand people stood on a barren ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Feel for navas also , basically being told your not needed by Real Madrid and then he may have to stay there "
neutral	Kim Kardashian Apologizes For Breaking The Internet ( Again ) - Kim Kardashian may have actually broken the inter ... HTTPURL
neutral	I feel like Tom Brady in the 4th quarter . HTTPURL
positive	shawn and charlie are both going to the vma 's tomorrow & camila is with shawn today & charlie sits behind the girls tomorrow i am fascinated
neutral	" Red Sox tie it up , Phillies 2 , Red Sox 2 Bottom 5th HTTPURL "
negative	@USER May Allah give strength to our Syrian brothers n sisters . Islam will arise again . I believe . I hate Basyar Assad for what he did .
negative	" I can't lie that " " Black Friday " " my baby Nicki took an L , fuck Kim she been ran thru more than McDonalds drivethru HTTPURL "
positive	All I can think about is Jason Aldean Thursday night
negative	Doctors on strike all day in Italy . Public transport on strike in Milan from 8: 45am to 12:45 pm this Wednesday too .
positive	" Tomorrow night , 40 years since we ran the very first Carols By Twilight in Webb St Narre Warren . Do n't miss it ... HTTPURL "
negative	I thought this was the announcement of a Janet Jackson remix at first and I 'm kind of disappointed . HTTPURL
positive	Xmas come early ! I 'm getting to watch @USER watch Twilight for the 1st time . Her face is hilarious HTTPURL
neutral	Curtis will see you Saturday #playoffs
neutral	' Has Modiji taken selfie with a farmer ? ' Rahul Gandhi 's dig at PM : Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi on Mon ... HTTPURL
negative	" I do n't even understand how Sharknado is even a thing , let alone having a 3rd movie . The SE suck , the acting sucks , and it 's so dumb I laugh "
positive	" i have n't watched Naruto since I was like 9 , but tomorrow is the day I start watching it again . "
positive	" A great crowd of nearly 6,000 enjoyed National Hot Dog Day and Throwdown Thursday tonight ! That 's a lot of hot dogs ! HTTPURL "
neutral	One hour to our Thursday Stream ! Let 's try and beat the Rotten in Dark Souls 2 this time ! HTTPURL #twitch
positive	" I do n't know what I 'm more excited about - starting a new Hub 8 project , seeing Ant-Man or Charlie coming home from Greece tomorrow ... "
positive	" Brady is free , Jason Aldean tonight , Busch gardens on Saturday , and brunch on Sunday ! Best birthday weekend ever ! #FreeBrady #TB12 "
neutral	COMPETITION TIME ! ! ! Last Sunday at the VMA 's Kanye west announced he will be running for president of the United ... HTTPURL
neutral	how does a 30 minute sequence of a gay man questioning whether or not he may be bi undermine his confidence with who he is . how
neutral	" Now just need a run , an Andrew Miller 9th . and the hated Red Sox to come through . "
neutral	Tripple H was never Ric Flair 's Bitch .. But this Sunday Ima make you mine ... John Cena to Seth Rollins
positive	@USER Yepo I came in Milan it was my 1st concert and it was so good you guys did an amazing job ! You are flawless live like PERFECT !
neutral	Why am I watching Sharknado 3 for the 3rd time this weekend ?
neutral	" As the 4th largest military in the world , Saudi Arabia needs to step up Big Time to dissolve ISIS #GOPDebate #LA06 HTTPURL "
negative	I never thought Kanye West announcing a crack at the presidency would be the 2nd most bizarre story of the day
neutral	Yall act like Nicki really Finna mess up Taylor 's moment ... for the 2nd time again . #VMAs
negative	Harry 's touched both lima and niall 's dicks ( in public ) i think he keeps forgetting about the 4th member
positive	Ant-Man review coming tomorrow hope to see you all their ! #Fandomreviews #YouTube
neutral	" Ready for the 1st debate , all in for John Kasich . "
negative	" or yuh kno , keep giving thanks 4 First Nations genocide on Thor 's day during the 11th month named 9th month cause that all makes sense 2 you "
positive	Ryan Braun with a 9th inning Triple in the All-Star Game ! Doing his part to get the #Brewers homefield adv--nevermind .
neutral	" Tomorrow , we will hear Rahul Gandhi say how Congress has increased its seats tally 6 time . If he has not already said it :) #BiharResults "
negative	" If I was dyslexic I would hate the sound of Cate Blanchett 's theme tune on a Sunday evening , forced to acknowledge that the weekend is over "
neutral	" So basically tomorrow Nicki gonna beat Miley 's ass , Bieber gonna get a hair cut , and Kanye 's campaign posters are going up everywhere #VMAs "
neutral	@USER mi jefe me invito I have an extra ticket for Foo Fighters concert on Thursday night . Are you interested ? tuve q decir ican't
negative	@USER the sermon for all supposedly victimized Christians has already been written for this upcoming Sunday .
negative	" 20 top Boko Haram militants arrested , Nigeria says : Nigeria 's security agency said on Sunday it had made signi ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER I did n't watch it like I 'm watching Naruto but have I sat & watched some episodes ? Yes
negative	" To make matters worse , these are " " dumbed down " " SAT tests . Thank the NEA and Big Brother ! HTTPURL "
neutral	Gucci bags nephesh gall february snowball the bipartite your representative drag splay en route to old pro afl ...
negative	@USER But the point is that Corbyn 's sympathy for IRA is not relevant in deciding whether to vote same way as him tomorrow
negative	Not making it to the main debate stage may not be such a bad thing for Carly Fiorina HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" Prince George , who celebrates his second birthday on Tuesday 22 July , with his father , the Duke of Cambridge HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER Do you want to see Ant-Man on Tues ?
neutral	every time I hear alright by Kendrick I think it 's j Cole 's Black Friday
positive	Marijuana on a Thursday with a new episode of Naruto HTTPURL
positive	David Price is the fastest #bluejays ' pitcher to reach 50Ks with the team . He accomplished the feat tonight in his 6th #jays ' start .
neutral	" Fifth Harmony will be going to the 2015 @USER in Milan , Italy on October 25th . "
neutral	See you August 5th in Prince George HTTPURL
neutral	Kanye West just announced he 's running for president . Tomorrow his ego will be announced as his running mate
positive	Curtis ' Akakeya and Sea 's Guidicipietro are the top contenders for Saturday 's cross country state champs HTTPURL
positive	" @USER I 'm putting all my focus into supporting you ! Love you so much Shawn , can't wait to see you perform October 2nd ! "
positive	@USER Janet Jackson I love u ! ! ! U can't wait to see u on February 5 at the palace of Auburn Hills . I be the loudest one there ! ! !
neutral	" Carly Fiorina : Unlike Hillary Clinton , I did n't do ' photo ops ' with world leaders - Washington Times HTTPURL "
neutral	Sam Smith wraps his arm around his new wax figure while attending the unveiling event on Monday ( August 10 ) in ... HTTPURL
neutral	Gucci inexpressibles pneuma probability october open the team thine exclusive invasive procurement versus gown ...
positive	" July 20 . 50 years of Like a Rolling Stone . Today is the day to drop the needle and " " Play it Fucking Loud . " " HTTPURL "
negative	" Sat here and tried to listen to Kendrick Lamar because as much i do slander , i still try to see the appeal . He still wack to me "
positive	" @USER Tin , one of the 7 metals known to the ancients was associated with Jupiter / Zeus . Thursday = Thor 's day ( jueves ) is the Tin Day "
neutral	" in Saudi Arabia and the grounds , but may not voice them in a sardonically bourgeois way . " " My enlightened leadership has greatly "
neutral	Blackstar off David Bowie 's upcoming album Blackstar out 8 January 2016 . ... What do you think ? Buy :p
neutral	" Wait , I got an email that K-State is having Star Wars Day this Saturday . I feel like that went poorly the last time around , no ? "
positive	" @USER on Sunday in Milan it 's Derby Day ! I 'm re-wearching that video about it , Sick . #Amala #forzaInter "
positive	Decided to watch Rick and Morty will probably watch Naruto tomorrow such a good movie hits ya right in the feels
neutral	Boko Haram commander was arrested after a raid in the sect 's camp in Bama Borno state yesterday August 2nd . 178 ... HTTPURL
negative	brooke and I sat in Christians driveway today for 10 minutes and he was n't even home :(
positive	Tomorrow is the big Dark Souls race between myself and @USER Starting sometime between 9-10 AM EST Be there !
neutral	Does anyone know what time Iggy Pop and Royal Blood will be on stage at the Foo Fighters in Milton Keynes on Sat ? #foofighters #royalblood
neutral	I know it does n't negate his utter twatishness but that Donald Trump tweet was after the Charlie Hebdo attack in January not last night
positive	Happy 3RD day of MCGI international thanks giving to God of Israel #MCGIThanksToGOD
negative	@USER I just upgraded my Moto G 1st to Moto G 3rd Gen . I am not happy with the camera of phone . How can you help me in this matter .
negative	Some members of the Boko Haram sect have been killed by troops of the 26th Task Force Brigade in Gwoza
neutral	Cate Blanchett hammering out the details of Thor 3 role HTTPURL - HTTPURL Gaea mother of Thor
negative	@USER @USER Bloody Sunday was terrible . And yes the IRA killed 11 innocent musicians . I forgive . But I want justice .
neutral	frank ocean idk how im going to make it through tomorrow so pls drop the album
positive	Tooooo excited ! ! Foo Fighters tonight then Cali tomorrow night eeeeeeeeeeee ! ! !
negative	My biggest regret of the summer is not getting tickets for the Kenny Chesney Jason Aldean concert in KC tomorrow
neutral	" @USER he will see him only to sign a cheque for me Pogba and Stones ! ... careful , we may come for Kane as well "
neutral	Meet your Water Nirvana this Saturday with @USER & @USER HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" Today UCF will be having their 1st football game . If you want to come , meet by dunkin donuts @USER : 30 in towers plaza . Bring your IDs ! "
neutral	Did you know Prince George 's Co . is the nation 's 21st - largest school district ? HTTPURL
positive	" August 8 , Happy Birthday Dave Evans aka the Edge from U2 . HTTPURL HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	If Chelsea pull off a Pogba deal tomorrow I am going to run on the pitch if I go to Juve game with a Milan top on singing Milan anthem .
neutral	From WTAJ : BIG announcement for Paul McCartney fans . October 15th at the Bryce Jordan Center live in concert ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER #isitok that ' potato ' was screamed at Irish golfer , Paul Dunne , while he was about to take a shot on the 18th ? #wanker "
positive	" Foo Fighters , Iggy Pop and Royal Blood on Sunday . Now that 's what you call a good gig ( hopefully ( in fact almost definitely ) ) "
positive	IK is going to Pew tomorrow 2 meet families of Shuhada of Army Public School.He should have been there with them on Eid nd after Eid
neutral	#Baqiya Family ! Plz follow n support our dear brother in Islam ! @USER @USER @USER May we all stay united with him bi'thnAllah
positive	@USER Tomorrow is Yakub 's daughter 's 21st birthday . Hope she will have a better tomorrow .
neutral	" Kanye West may not technically be a millennial , but I think he 'd agree he 's part of the GREATEST GENERATION OF ALL TIME . #vmas #vmabert "
neutral	" Wedensday , Thurs and and today you opened the show with OMEn by Sam smith . I see u @USER @USER @USER #the5thelement "
neutral	" To Benefit Special Olympics , Aug 2 , Prince George 's Cty Police All-Stars take on the Bowie Police All-Stars . HTTPURL Support ! "
neutral	@USER and yeah I agree berahino may go on to be massive but with Kane at the club I 'd focus on devolving him even more !
negative	@USER @USER @USER How on earth did you make that leap ? The IRA lie about Corbyn hasbeen debunked HTTPURL
neutral	" Despite sitting in solo 4th , Jordan Spieth is the favorite ( + 275 ) to win British Open . Can still get + 1960 on co-leader Paul Dunne . "
neutral	" #SNews Shakes : Do n't worry we 're still in it , Mathoho & Coetzee out , Boks all fit , Honda / McLaren split ? Kev v Murray , Isner v Fed 4th Rnd . "
neutral	" I 'm trying to sell just one lawn ticket for Jason Aldean , Cole Swindell , and Tyler Farr .. Sept 11 @USER First Niagra "
positive	Oh hey David Price pitches for the Jays tomorrow . Good luck shitwanks .
neutral	" Monday at the US Open : Murray , Federer & Konta are all in action at Flushing Meadows today HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	Josh Hamilton flies out to Center ... We are going to the Bottom of the 9th tied at 7 ! #NeverEverQuit
neutral	#RovingMind - Mood of the day : Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday by @USER HTTPURL on #SoundCloud
negative	If frank ocean does n't realize his album by July 45 I 'm going to kill myself
neutral	At 8: More pictures of child abuse flood the web & it 's Prince George 's 2nd birthday today . HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	Christians ... just a reminder we must exercise our faith ( as personal as it may be ) publicly and politically ... HTTPURL
positive	" I 'm going to knock 4 bands off my concert bucket list this Thursday , but Metallica , Iron Maiden and A7X are still at the top "
neutral	" Red Sox getting rocked by the Yanks , trailing 11 to 1 going to the bottom of the 3rd . Stephen Drew 3 - run homer against his old teammates . "
neutral	Gordon Brown & Tony Blair dressed by the same person for Whitehall #RemembranceSunday event ? HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	" Liverpool Echo : Martin Odegaard : I spoke with Liverpool FC , but Real Madrid the best choice HTTPURL #lfc "
negative	" @USER 2 lone wolfs 1 in the US the IRA when did they last bomb the UK ? The terrorists may kill 1,000 ' s but your ilk are the real danger "
neutral	Bases-loaded for Josh Hamilton with 2 outs . Already has a homer in this game . 2nd homer here ? It 's a full moon . Why not ?
positive	" Tomorrow is my day ! National Hot Dog Day ! Here 's where to get a free hot dog , HTTPURL via @USER "
negative	Bad Blood is such a terrible fucking song . I just listened to it for the 1st time and I feel like God took a shit in my ears
positive	" @USER omg that 's a beautiful analogy . I love that Niall and Louis just sat down like , this needs to play out , lets go over here "
positive	David Wright goes down swinging on fourth AB . Had a couple nice looks . Just could n't connect . He 's at third to start the 8th . #Mets
neutral	" @USER he 's offering Eid prayer in which there are 3 extra takbeers per rakat , in 2nd rakat the extra takbeers r said before rukuh "
neutral	Coach Quesada at 1st getting a little air time on MLB Network with some guy named David Wright ... ! #flcbaseball HTTPURL
positive	" Due to me watching Paper Towns tomorrow , I made it my goal to read the book today . I finished it in approximately 10 hours . #ExcitedAF "
positive	I might see Justin bieber in concert for the 3rd time and I 'm so happy
neutral	" Welcome back David Wright , now do n't screw it up : David Wright returns to the Mets Monday in Philly , and immed ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Who 's going to Jason Aldean and Kenny Chesney at Mile High on August 8th ?
neutral	@USER just mentioned on White Sox broadcast that some coaches may wear shorts for the upcoming throwback game .
positive	@USER w assalaam . It was my 1st Eid away from family . I hope you had a nice Eid and all family are good . Happy Eid to you too . Thanks
neutral	" @USER @USER Mom told me the day would come , in order to fulfill duty as Christians , we may have to go to jail . It 's here now . "
negative	Man charged with directing IRA refused bail :: Sunday World : HTTPURL #Ireland #Ulster
positive	Tomorrow an Asian frien is going to cook for us and the we 're going to the cinema to see Paper Towns .
neutral	@USER @USER @USER Send Rahul Gandhi he is always 1st in PhotoOps but missing from Chennai He always talk about Comunication
negative	" @USER There is no doubt Radical Islam is a major problem in the modern world , and will continue to be so . He may take things too far . "
positive	" @USER Yes . I wld like to see dolls of the novel Fourth Sunday - Gwen , Nat , Briana , Destiny , Camille , Allana HTTPURL @USER "
neutral	I read that Sun Times article and it did nothing to prove the theory that we should trade Kane .
neutral	#Rangers up 3-1 in the 5th . That 's what you get for booing Josh Hamilton . #Angels
positive	Watching Amy Schumer for the 1st time ... so funny ! I must have been living under a rock or something
positive	i 'm going to milan tomorrow ! ! ! i 'm so happy
neutral	My team is looking of a 4th must have Skype and can play every day and be on PS4 @USER @USER @USER
positive	@USER : Running to the cinema to see Paper Towns tomorrow like HTTPURL @USER
neutral	@USER you may wanna update the hat on David Price
negative	Alex - the worst player on the field - scores Milan 's 3rd . Should be victory and 3 points secured now
positive	" One of the 1st jokes from the hilarious Amy Schumer at @USER : " " If anybody thought they were seeing ' Godspell ' tonight , maybe exit left . " " "
neutral	" 4th street just went from playing Jason Aldean to ACDC Pick a genre , people . "
neutral	John Cena 's excuse tomorrow on Raw will be John Stewart cost me the title .
neutral	Ric Flair = Beloved Legend . John Cena = Hated by pure wrestling fans . Even if he wins the 16th title.They wo n't be Equal EVER ! #SummerSlam
neutral	( NEW ) Niall with fans at Chicago at 3 AM ( in the morning ) August 23rd ! ( Via @USER ) #MTVHottest One Direction HTTPURL
positive	As long as I get Dunkin tomorrow morning I should be good for the school day
neutral	#STORYLINE : Kanye West - I am Running for President ... #TaylorSwift may have won the most Moonmans on ... HTTPURL
neutral	Mario Balotelli may have notched a goal and assist on his return to action with Milan but coach Si ... HTTPURL #soccernews
neutral	" NOTICE : All of the previous members of xFGx may now rejoin . We shall also be recruiting new members on XB1 , PS4 . Name : x Fallen Guardians x "
negative	" Managed to loose my keys on 6th , puke my guts up all the next day and sober up in time for the sam smith concert ... Then "
neutral	@USER David Wright was implying that the game is over in the 8th and he can take his spikes off ... No need to pinch hit
neutral	Dang . Kris Bryant 's in like a month and a half slump . Will bounce back . Guaranteed . Those guaranteeing ROY may want him to hit again though .
neutral	" ' Congress Will Smash RSS , ' Says Rahul Gandhi HTTPURL via @USER . You can also try this as the 4th generation . "
negative	" There 's nothing as 3rd day of Eid , relatives . Just do n't . Just do n't even think about coming to our house . GO EAT ELSEWHERE "
positive	If someone wants to take me to the Sam smith concert in October I would n't even be mad
negative	" I 'm not very fond of Peter Travers , but it 's a big deal that he may possibly lose his job at Rolling Stone . Not in a good way either . "
positive	i 've never watched naruto but i love the 16th opening it 's my favorite
positive	One of my favorite match of #SummerSlam of all time is when The Rock take on Brock Lesnar for the 1st time ever in his career for the champ
neutral	RAID 1 ( mirror ) of Shawn and Rob . Was this planned or coincidence ? ! ? Is it Varsity Red Wednesday at ITinspired ... HTTPURL
neutral	" If you phone in sick on Monday , you really must remember by Wednesday * not * to post pictures of yourself in Dunkin ' Donuts #workfail "
positive	Just found out that Bria and I are going to see Sam smith at the gorge tomorrow ! ! !
positive	Okay so Chris Evans and RDJ will be on Jimmy Kimmel tonight and if tomorrow I wake up to a Civil War teaser I will lose all my chill
neutral	Ryan Braun breaks scoreless tie with HR off Patrick Corbin on 1st pitch of 6th inning . Lots of boos .
neutral	@USER are you talking about Briana and Louis ? feb is too early . Was n't he still with el ?
negative	" Tv channels , having " " know all ' anchors , could not make enough programs to fill 3days of Eid.They kept repeating 1st day programs . What a shame . "
negative	George Osborne scrapped #CarbonZero housing targets in May because it 'd ' never be affordable ' . This is a bit awkward . HTTPURL
neutral	wanted to go to Dunkin to get donuts but I do not want to see that place until Monday after my 64 hour effing week shit
negative	yo it 's July 69th and there 's still no Frank Ocean album I give up
positive	" Watching Paper Towns tomorrow with my bestfriend , is it good ? "
negative	" @USER I may hate Naruto because it 's terrible , but I am going to see Boruto . "
neutral	" Glenn will personally go to the border to bring in Christians marked for extermination : ' Last Friday , Glenn pl ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" The Undertaker looks to avenge The Streak when he faces Brock Lesnar at SummerSlam , THIS SUNDAY at 7e / 4p , Live on ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Idk how on earth I 'm going to get through April 14th without Kendrick and Oscar
negative	Okay the first Sharknado was funny but do we really need a 4th movie ? I think I lost a few brain cells after watching the 3rd
positive	" It 's Sunday night . Everybody 's lamenting work . So let 's live it up one last time this weekend , with the Bee Gees ! HTTPURL "
positive	when you realize you are going to see Paper Towns on Tuesday HTTPURL
positive	Ryan Braun steals 2nd and he records his 4th 20/20 season of his career . #MILvsPIT
neutral	Floyd Mayweather 's dallying may mean a rematch with Oscar De La Hoya ... and then another date with Manny Pacquiao
neutral	Dustin Johnson was the leader after 2 rounds of The British Open . He 's finished the 4th round & is currently tied for 50th .
neutral	Sam Smith you have high expectation tomorrow . I Just Left #FutureHive
positive	Tomorrow is the new Naruto episode can't fucking wait lol shit got real
neutral	Tom Brady was our # 7 QB before the news of his suspension being lifted .. We now have him up in front of C . Newton . Proj : 5th rd pick
negative	" Scott Walker is getting so desperate , we may just see him borrowing Rick Perry 's black frame eyeglasses . "
positive	Chuck Norris applauded that leg whip by the dirty Cali player on the Texas 1st baseman #LLWS
negative	" Before you go to bed , can you tell Saudi Arabia to stop beheading kids please ? Someone might listen to you HTTPURL "
neutral	" hey WaPo , it 's not a " " gay marriage license " " - it 's just a plain old " " marriage license " " HTTPURL "
positive	It 's Sunday but zayn 's performance makes me want to pop off
positive	Always give music a second chance bc the 1st time I heard Ed Sheeran I did n't like it but here I am willing to give my leg to see a concert
neutral	Miss Oklahoma wins Miss USA ; Trump is the elephant ( who was n't ) in the room : The Miss USA Pageant was held Sun ... HTTPURL
positive	July 19th ... Best . Day . Ever . Happy National Ice Cream Day ! Can you spot the five different things in these images ? HTTPURL
positive	" Prince George is the cutest baby . Me and the girls were all " " aww " " at work at him and his 2nd bday . Adorable . "
negative	The Zoo miniseries may be the worst collection of images & sounds man has ever produced . We 're talking Sharknado w / o the self-awareness .
positive	I 'm going to see Paper Towns tomorrow & I know I 'm going to cry as soon as Nat Wolff appears on stage
neutral	nirvana bros be like AH YES KURT RLY RESPECTED TEH WOMEN tonight then go back 2 their courtney murder conspiracy tackboard tomorrow lmao
positive	Walking through Glasgow in the pissing rain then George Harrison 's dulcet tones appear on my earphones with ' Here Comes The Sun ' . Nice .
positive	fun fact : chris evans ( dude who revealed the coldplay announcement on fri ) is from the same town as me . nice one mate
positive	Kanye West was honored in a big way during Sunday night 's MTV Video Music Awards by receiving the Michael Jackso ... HTTPURL
neutral	I just booked that Ice Cube said ' bye Felicia ' in Friday ( which he wrote ) and he ( his son ) says it in Straight Outta Compton ... Clever
neutral	" @USER I can't see the tennis either , gutted I never sat the football but it looks like it 's sky again for Murray ? "
neutral	" As of August 16 , Roman Reigns , Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins have worked the most matches so far for the year ... HTTPURL "
negative	gonna be so sad when the Dallas story is full of Ed Sheeran 's concert on Saturday
positive	I can't wait to invade these Wal-Mart 's on December 22nd with Kendrick 's XXL cover .
positive	Won tix to the advance screening of Carol on Thursday . Cannot wait ! Gorgeous-looking LGBT film with the stunningly talent Cate Blanchett ! :D
neutral	I 'm so ready to annoy everyone at school tomorrow about Niall fracturing his foot
neutral	Gucci pants ego-id conflict hope january show forth the biform yours fixed favorable regard consolidation in p ...
positive	@USER Think your right .. was the last Friday prayer call of the past EID .
neutral	I might go see Foo Fighters Monday . Just got to get acquainted with their songs except for the mainstream ines
negative	" Saudi Arabia , Iran Face Dueling Drug Epidemics : Both the governments of Saudi Arabia and Iran announced Monday ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Just like they say it in the sun until the dawn lets marvin Gay and get it on
positive	I want to spend tomorrow drinking whiskey and listening to Foo Fighters
positive	Come visit Curtis and the girls on this beautiful Tuesday ! ! Grab a patio seat for one of the last times or sit ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Was he tired ? Will he going to recant tomorrow ? MT @USER : " " Scott Walker has message for @USER : I 'm not scared " " #Walker16 "
neutral	Dahil may Adidas Sam Smith na ... Sino na susunod ? Bruno mars ? Justin bieber ? Lololol .. gusto ko nun and i know im not the only one !
positive	Its the 1st video without zayn and its still perf #DragMeDownMusicVideo
neutral	Zac Brown Band is playing Citi Field . Is that a big deal ? @USER may be able to tell me if it is .
positive	I want to watch Paper Towns on Monday pretty please someone
neutral	" @USER keep hearing about cole being support to kendrick here in March , thoughts ? "
neutral	so if u want 1989 tickets u have to win them at Shawn 's show on Saturday HTTPURL
neutral	" Ice Cube announced a family friendly Friday sequel called " " Is it Friday yet " " "
positive	" Monday . Go get it . Come along for yoga tonight , 7:15 pm . I 'm back with all the enthusiasm of a puppy in a ... HTTPURL "
positive	Giving solo DMs away with The Vamps if this gets 100 RTs ! HTTPURL
positive	" Even more excited for the weekend now ... super Sunday with the wonderful spurs ... Curtis , Dean any predictions ? "
negative	Floyd Mayweather to fight Andre Berto in September . Nobody cares . Either give Amir Khan or my boy Miguel Cotto a shot before you hang em up .
neutral	Expecting to see Frank Ocean on Saturday and you get an email saying he 's not coming but Kanye is . Okay . #bittersweet
positive	#amazingamateur Paul Dunne breaks a multitude of records and 1st ' s in British Open with amazing display and control . HTTPURL
negative	Iran Says New U . S . Visa Rule May Violate Nuclear Pact . All the Ayatollahs want is the Terrorism Billion $ HTTPURL
negative	I hate the Sharknado fandom . It 's a poor imitation of so bad it 's good . Also I do n't care if April lives #suckmynado
positive	Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day ! Pay your respects with a Mexican dog from El Perron Hot Dogs ! HTTPURL
positive	" I must see Paper Towns again one day , it was insanelly good ! ! HTTPURL "
positive	" Watched Ant-Man for the 2nd time today , and thought of 2 more reasons to see it again : to catch the Easter eggs and catalog its Britishisms . "
positive	nick jonas and justin bieber soundtracking my last day in the sun ...
neutral	" Cue the " " Christians " " in the comments , those oblivious to GWB carnage just in " " homeland . " " HTTPURL "
negative	@USER @USER @USER @USER Based on the constitution / 14th amendment a ban on gay marriage is unconstitutional
neutral	@USER * he sighs and gets on his knees and hugs him and his starts to tear up * Naruto ... C'mon ! I know you can beat this ! You can't +
neutral	Monday 's wrath with a Rousey mask on
neutral	Floyd Mayweather vs . Andre Berto in September ... Berto 's about to get tuned up
positive	Hmmmm Balotelli may have came back to Milan at the right time ... Adriano and Bacca both stepped their game up ... #wearemilan #ACMilan
positive	I 'm going to the Zac Brown Band concert on Saturday and the Yankee game on Sunday ! Should be great
negative	They accuse you of playing politics because you want to look tough because George Osborne has stolen a march on ... HTTPURL
negative	Remember ! original Christians of USA choked the food & water supplies of the pagans to make them toe the line HTTPURL
neutral	" Ed Sheeran dating school friend ? : New York , Sep 5 : Singer Ed Sheeran has sparked rumours that he is dating hi ... HTTPURL "
neutral	yall Nicki and Bey both performing at the VMAs tomorrow night . HTTPURL
positive	Happy birthday @USER yay 1 more year before you can drink lol happy 20th birthday to gay is my little brothers birthday he is 4 love u
neutral	Do n't say bad against Islam . Who knows tomorrow u are one of us . We are the fastest growing religion . HTTPURL
neutral	Frank Gifford Dead : 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know : Frank Gifford attends the 19th Annual Broadcasting & Cable ... HTTPURL
neutral	" RIP Giants legend , Frank Gifford . Gifford was the last of the Monday Night Football triumverate of Cosell , Gifford and Dandy Don Meredith . "
positive	" @USER I picked naruto , I 'm gonna go see it tomorrow lol "
neutral	Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi had a tough time on Wednesday during his interaction with girl students of ... HTTPURL
neutral	6 match points in a row now for Anderson in the 4th set tie breaker ; surely Murray has lost this ... #USOpen #FlushingMeadows
neutral	@USER Any word on the gate and set times for the Foo Fighters show on Thursday ? Thanks !
neutral	Iran says ready to export oil to Mongolia : Iran said on Thursday that it is ready to export crude oil to Mongo ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Friendly : Super Eagles To Play Lowly Rated Niger On September 8: All things being equal , the Senior Men Nation ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Tomorrow is the fire test of Judiciary & Govt institutions on 5000cr NH scam performed by Sonia & Rahul Gandhi @USER
neutral	" NEW YORK , NY - MAY 04 : Kanye West ( L ) and Kim Kardashian attend the ' China : Through The ... HTTPURL HTTPURL "
negative	@USER the surprise genderbent release to celebrate Twilight 's 10th anniversary . The one that reinforced gender stereotypes ...
neutral	David Price will take the mound Friday vs . #Yankees looking to pitch #BlueJays to franchise-record 12th - straight win . #Narrative #MLB
positive	Monday the 27th of July the day Dean Ambrose fans were happy as hell over FINALLY getting the #lockdown trailer . HTTPURL
negative	CANT go to class tomorrow too stressed about big brother
neutral	still not over the strange premonition of the last Q of Rolling Stone 's Lost Q & A w / Zayn that they published March 25 HTTPURL
positive	I want to attend Sam Smith 's concert at MOA Arena on November .
negative	" #itweetFEEDS Poor girl . Katy Perry may be one of the world 's top pop stars , but that does n't ... HTTPURL #ff @USER "
positive	@USER please tell me you are doing Foo Fighters gig @USER Milton Keynes Sat ? Hubs had food @USER silverstone today & it looked AMAZING ! !
positive	The veto comp tmrw may be one of the best ever in the history of Big Brother . #BB17
negative	" Who was the idiot pundit on BBC Scotland on Saturday who " " could n't see past Dustin Johnson " " for The Open and why are they paying him ? "
neutral	I 'm just wondering what will happen with Seth Rollins and John Cena at Monday Night Raw
positive	@USER I may have um .. borrowed a John Cena sticker from a store today and put it on my phone ! ! ! no regrets though
negative	" @USER it 's pretty sad , Rooney may be the last one for a long time now unless players like sterling , Kane , stones , Wilson "
neutral	Do you guys remember that not too long ago Nicki was like one of the most hated artist .. During her Pink Friday album
positive	" Time for bed ! Hope it rains tomorrow ... And wake up to a Harry , Niall , Liam , Louis and Zayn follow #MTVHottest One Direction "
negative	" @USER I sat in the old Yankees ' bleachers pre - 2003 in Red Sox shit , and I would never make anyone carry me and slow ped . traffic . "
positive	Dustin Johnson took advantage of favorable morning conditions to take an early lead at the US PGA Championship Thursday while Tiger Woods
negative	" Today , while in my American history class I was reading on Islam in Africa . I 'll probably fail my test on the Industrial Revolution on Mon . "
neutral	#UFC194 McGregor or Aldo ? I think Connor is going IRA on Jose tonight . 2ND round knockout .
positive	Gig at GAY tomorrow with @USER hopefully ' fingers crossed ' x
positive	knowing that we are going to see Zac Brown Band tomorrow is the only thing keeping me going today . #drained
neutral	@USER Cause I can't be the 1st or 4th ? The 8th is after Naruto and that 's going to be me when he dies
negative	" #mufc really need to sort their shit out ! No defenders & attackers ! Stones & berahino or Kane , may not be the best yet but would take them "
positive	" The way J-Cole and Kendrick are teasing the world for the their collab album , with Black Friday is just faaaaya ! ! ! "
neutral	David Wright up with the winning run on base in the 9th . Holy crap . #Mets
neutral	@USER yes ! They arent out yet it 's presale rn . I looked him up and he is n't coming anytime soon but Zac Brown Band is coming in Oct .
positive	" Jake and I will be in Sharknado 4 . We may die in the first scene , but we 'll be in it . #HollywoodDreams "
neutral	" Bruh if Kendrick brings out the rest of TDE tomorrow , I 'll die on the spot . "
negative	@USER - 8th floor and desks in the Charlie Hebdo newsroom after gunman threatens to kill hostages if police storm terrorist brothers .
neutral	" The ' Spectre ' theme song will be released tomorrow , and we finally know who 's singing it : Sam Smith ! HTTPURL "
neutral	" Note : This means that if De Gea signs for RM in January , he can not be in Real Madrid 's Champions League squad . "
neutral	@USER @USER #AskChrisHemsworth Do you know Chris Evans may enjoy your Diet ? Captain America is now stronger than Thor ;-)
positive	" Loved the Today Show peeps on 3rd installment of " " Sharknado " " ! ! @USER @USER "
positive	" Nothing like finishing the last day back to work with Friday 's , and Ant-man . "
negative	still not over the strange premonition of the last Q of Rolling Stone 's Lost Q & A w / Zayn that they published March 25 HTTPURL
neutral	Woke up scared that I woke up late then I realised I do n't have a 5th lol it 's Gucci
neutral	" #meet the press If its Sunday ; " " Its Chuck gets screwed by Carly Fiorina " " "
positive	" so @USER had WIlbon straight up making up a story about Dustin Johnson singing the 7th inning stretch last night with no correction , cool "
negative	Seen a advert for today 's Saturday kitchen ... Chris Evans looks like he 's just come out of a ket gaff from Saturday ! The shuffling twat
neutral	Latest update on Josh Hamilton 's knee : Rangers may have to make a call one way or another Thursday : HTTPURL
positive	@USER going by the last 3 games yes . I think son may bring last season Kane back.He under to much pressure . We expect to much of him
neutral	" @USER if you were n't going to be on a plane to Israel , you 'd be at my house watching this ! ! ! HTTPURL "
positive	Celebrity Big Brother 's Emma Willis is casual ahead of UK vs USA CBB launch : And just a month after the 16th s ... HTTPURL
positive	Love Friday :) Its @USER Day with Heather to start the wkend :) These Dunkin ' Donuts were AMAZING <3 HTTPURL
neutral	" Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh , has said that he and his assistants would have to inject new philosophy and ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Ryan Braun singles to lead off the 9th . #RallyTime #Brewers
neutral	" This is from January during the Charlie Hebdo memorial , not tonight . People are staying indoors right now . HTTPURL "
positive	This Dustin Johnson start is going to be even better when he blows it on Saturday or Sunday .
positive	" Fantastic stuff from Paul Dunne , broke so many records as an amateur . Very likely to be in the last group tomorrow #TheOpen "
positive	HISTORY - Cristiano Ronaldo is the 1st player in Real Madrid 's history to score 14 + braces in a European competition .
neutral	" Ant-Man is Weekend Champ with just $ 24.8 million . " " Pixels " " # 2 ( $ 24M ) . Bet WB regrets moving " " Pan " " from this weekend to crowded October . "
neutral	@USER Also you did n't include the Maccabi - Emporio Armani Milan game at MSG on 4th ...
neutral	@USER How many roles he may play but everything boils down to his religion Any single Muslim from Bollywood support Yakub 's hanging ?
positive	@USER @USER @USER Nothing wrong with a little Iron Maiden on a Saturday night .
neutral	Lady Gaga and Beyonce really need to stop playing and make that 3rd music video
neutral	" HTTPURL Paul McCartney served as Lollapalooza 's headliner Friday night in Chicago , and the ... HTTPURL "
positive	Briana Roberts placed 9th in the State to qualify for Meet of Champions ! Congratulations Briana ! #CodeRed #PHSProud HTTPURL
neutral	" With a win tonight & a Rangers loss , the Twins can move into the 2nd WC spot . FYI the Rangers are facing David Price & the Blue Jays . "
positive	National Hot Dog day is tomorrow ! Celebrate w @USER @USER - HTTPURL . #food #vegas #yum HTTPURL
neutral	@USER can't let them win ! I missed an IRA bomb by about 20mins and still went back to work on the Monday .
positive	" Good morning and happy Tuesday with Tom Brady 's " " The Balls Song " " HTTPURL "
positive	" Ice Cube please make a another friday . Do it with Dae daes character smokie , and yourself . Pretty please #Cube Vision "
positive	" john cena , if ua good u will beat john cena for the 1st round BUT FORGET ABT THE 2ND ROUND WE DONT GIVE UP . HTTPURL "
neutral	" This Friday System of a Down , Ice Cube playing Straight Outta Compton , Iggy Pop Cyprus Hill , and the Airborne Toxic Event > > > "
neutral	governor candidate Scott Walker says he eliminated waiting list for long-term care for seniors HTTPURL via @USER
negative	" 90 % of Muslims may be good individually . But , in a mob , 95 % of Muslims are just fanatic idiots . HTTPURL "
neutral	Credit where it 's due that is a good ball by Mason but I would say the ball is made by Kane 's run . He 'll score 2 in the 2nd half .
negative	" @USER if i had the power , Israel would be gone tomorrow morning incha Allah "
neutral	Dustin Johnson hits his approach to the 17th green at the #DeustcheBankChampionship HTTPURL
positive	" @USER And then it 's Niall on September 13 , it 's hard to forget ! ! ! "
neutral	@USER Saudis have income from Haj and Umra also . That is 2nd main source & comes from Muslims all over the world . @USER
neutral	Just used my #Legendary Google cardboard to watch the #CrimsonPeak trailer for the 5th time and Paul McCartney performing Live and Let Die
positive	" P / MINUTE ? " " @USER : So Kim Kardashian was banking $ 1million per minute from her emojis on Monday ! Say what u want , that is the business ! ! ! " " "
negative	Hulk Hogan hates black people ? ? ? Stop sitting out in the sun to look like me # makeupyourmind
positive	" Can it be March already so I can see my babe Justin Bieber , thank you very much . "
negative	The Sun calls reactions to the Caitlyn Jenner costume a ' fan meltdown ' : HTTPURL [ Paywall ]
negative	they say 3rd times the charm but this is my 3rd time in israel and today I got lost in Jaffa for 5 hours
neutral	" David Wright 's night is done . Played 3rd base for 6 innings , fielded 3 balls and went 1 - for - 3 with a strikeout . Slowly but surely ... #Mets "
neutral	did i ever tell you htat i had a really well thought out naruto oc when i was in like 5th / 6th grade with a back story and everything
neutral	Paul Dunne should have said that he will just imagine the ball is Tom Rinaldi 's head on the first tee tomorrow . #TheOpen
negative	" Tried Dunkin 's Oreo iced coffee & it 's not as good as it * could * be . Then again , I may have too high of hopes for cookie-flavored coffee . "
positive	Kudos to the COAS and the entire military 1st by leading the troops on the ground against Boko Haram and 2ndly for ... HTTPURL
neutral	Fourcade loses his 3rd fumble of the day and Curtis recovers at the Rummel 28 . Curtis back in business
neutral	" I 'm going to see Father John Misty on Friday and , like , Paul McCartney ? ? ? "
positive	I 'm so glad we 've gotten to a point where all the Twilight movies are on TV on a given Friday night . #ashamed
negative	" Seen some U2 tickets for 14 October , but I 'm very afraid the person wants to make profit out of it instead of selling them for face value :( "
positive	@USER wait if this is true I 'm gonna be so happy bc I thought eid was on the 23rd ! ! !
negative	Having a day off today yesterday went absolutely terribly and I was at foo fighters last night so will be back tomorrow . Enjoy your Sunday's
neutral	Forget that new film everyone 's talking about this is released tomorrow : David Bowie - Lazarus ( Audio ) HTTPURL
negative	Gay af just remembered I have to work early tomorrow lmao
positive	" @USER whats her name standing back of miss usa and crowning her , she is cute and beautiful .. may be more than miss usa "
negative	" Sadly , the BJP may still find itself on the backfoot next elections despite best efforts by Rahul Gandhi "
neutral	Do n't forget to #GetIntoTheKilt for Floyd Mayweather vs Andre Berto on September 12th ! We 've got all the action ! HTTPURL
neutral	#RAW This Sunday Brock Lesnar will remember Undertaker the same way WWE remembers Hulk Hogan
neutral	" Hello Monday ! I know it 's hard , but I will help you . Get your coffees ready , and I 'll see you in 30 ! Dark Souls I @USER HTTPURL "
negative	@USER @USER not in the 8th amendment it doesnt the same freaks who came up with gay marraige came up with that crap
positive	" new Iron Maiden single ? well alright then , thank you Friday "
neutral	" Dont know what all the worry about kane is for , we all know he doesnt start his season till november ! #COYS "
neutral	@USER I think that was in Luton . It was an EDL march . They 're obsessed with Islam .
positive	" Do n't forget Star Wars day ! If you want to buy a Star Wars shirt , you can get one from Mrs . Boody tomorrow in room 110 "
positive	Kendrick and J Cole out here saving rap with their Black Friday freestyles ... they killing it man ..
neutral	I just wanna $ 200 tip tomorrow & I 'll be Gucci * prays *
neutral	" Iron Maiden - Live in Milan , Italy , March 30th , 1981 [ with Paul Di'Anno ] HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER @USER sorry but that 's an old photo , from January after the Charlie Hebdo attacks "
positive	@USER ooh yea zelda would be pretty fun . i just need to dig the disc out . i will most likely do twilight princess Wednesday .
neutral	Blue Jays give David Price 12 runs for his birthday : Toronto scored 10 - plus runs for the 20th time this season ... HTTPURL
negative	Talk about post holiday blues . 15 seconds of George Osborne 's voice undoes all the good of a week in the sun . Personification of a wet Monday
positive	" Surprised Sharleen Spiteri on TFI Friday since she wrote " " Say What You Want " " about Chris Evans fancying her ! "
positive	Funimation 's Tokyo Ghoul trailer was very strategic putting from the studio of Yu Yu Hakusho & Naruto & Bleach . Put the highest quality 1st
neutral	3D playing tonight on our back deck 6-9 pm . Off Duty Angels tomorrow night 7:30- 11 . Sam Adams Promo and Red Sox ... HTTPURL
positive	New Iron Maiden album is out tomorrow . This has classic written all over it ... Look out for the impressive long ... HTTPURL
neutral	Chris Christie and John Kasich make the cut / / Ricks Perry and Santorum do not HTTPURL
neutral	David Bowie may have tucked @USER into bed as a child--listen--bigtime players on the left did to Yours Truly too .
negative	" @USER Given Saudi Arabia has the 3rd largest military in the world . This better be a whole lot more than more the endless blah , blah . "
neutral	Gucci baggy skin below the eyes subliminal level head may toga virilis the duplicated yours proper herein cong ...
positive	Meek Mill really dated Nicki & thought .. I'MON TOP OF THE WORLD . Thats what Love does to you man
positive	" That 's a wrap ! Santa & our Ellerslie " " Reindeer " " hope you had a great day ! See you Wed for @USER Twilight HTTPURL "
positive	WWE is LIVE at the Ocean Center tomorrow . See @USER Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins take on Dean Ambrose & More ! #GetYourTicketsToday
neutral	Real Madrid president Florentino Perez is to hold a press conference at the Bernabeu at 12:30 pm on Tuesday prepare tomatoes
positive	Chris Sale will take a no hitter into the 7th today and the White Sox will win a wild card . You heard it here first
neutral	So no Dublin show for U2 in Nov ? Here 's the setlist from show in Turin on Friday night - what do you think ? HTTPURL
neutral	still waiting on Frank Ocean to drop his album .. it 's August 6 already
negative	Bad Blood may have the absolute worst lyricism I 've ever heard in my life ( regarding Taylors parts ) #UsedtobeMadLove #ReallyDeepCut
neutral	" Be prepared to listen about Nicki and Miley tomorrow at school , or maybe Kanye "
negative	" Oh @USER your name may say " " Live " " but the god awful " " The Vamps " " we 're far from live . Cut any bands who mime please ! "
neutral	Idk why people are bashin on Kanye West . If u think about it the man really be speakin the truth . He may be an ass @USER times but he 's smart .
neutral	@USER @USER the families need to challenge SF and IRA over their actions that day HTTPURL
neutral	" On a Monday when I 'm waiting for things that are stressing me , 1st song on the radio ? I Still Have n't What I 'm Looking For by U2 . Thanks ar . "
positive	I talked to an @USER rep that Carly Fiorina may have trained and he was excellent . 7 pm in Ontario and I had my new unit before noon next day .
negative	" I am still struggling in third place in the 14th and Beyonce , Lady Gaga , Fifth Harmony ? ! we had to have them , that now everyone loves them ? "
positive	Shopping for the winter and it 's just May . - Kanye West for President 202
positive	" #MyYouthIn5Words David Bowie , Queen , Doctor Who ... ( Classic DW with Tom Baker 4th Doctor ) ... "
positive	" Sick ! " " @USER : Have a night , Kris Bryant ! Watch the Cubs rookie hit his 1st career walk-off home run . #SCtop10 HTTPURL " " "
positive	Frank Ocean album coming out tomorrow .. I 'm sure it is .
negative	Justin Bieber is coming to Portland but my mom thinks he 's a creep and his concert is on a Sunday so guess who does n't get to go .
neutral	@USER @USER Kendrick 's 1st record is a top 10-15 album ever imo . 2nd album is when keepin it real goes wrong ...
neutral	" May your heart rest in the beautiful paradise of Allah , my prayer for the Gombe and Damaturu victims of Boko Haram #Nigeria @USER PDP "
neutral	If you 're not on curtis or wagner vars you have no say in whats going on friday period
neutral	My mom tells me she 's going to Zac Brown Band on Friday and then proceeds to ask me what songs they sing ...
neutral	Paul Dunne at 2015 British Open : Sunday Leaderboard Score and Twitter Reaction | Bleacher ... : That support he ... HTTPURL
positive	my monday has consisted of Paul McCartney on a loop in my head and craving honey barbecue boneless wings with ranch from bdubs
neutral	Dead line for the PS4 is tomorrow at 8 pm
positive	Chuck Norris can make a hole in the sun with a snowball
positive	Congrats Mid-Atlantic Red Sox 15u . Ranked 14th in the nation by Perfect Game .
negative	watching labyrinth for the 1st time ever ... David Bowie is the worst
neutral	" While you may be able to kill 2 birds with one stone , Chuck Norris can kill 475 . "
neutral	( Motorola Moto G 2015 review ) HTTPURL Buy now from Amazon Motorola calls it the Moto G ( 3rd ... HTTPURL
neutral	Murray gives something else for ASU D to think about ... This may help Allen as well ...
positive	Nice drive lead by Chris Evans and 2 pt . conversion good to make it 14-14 7:59 left in 3rd @USER @USER via @USER
positive	" Gay 's article shows us that whether we know it or not , education may become our entire life . So do n't grow up hating it . #BBLENG101 "
positive	Kendrick Lamar became the 2nd most nominated artist at #GRAMMYs in a single night ( 11 ) . The 1st one is Michael J . ( 12 ) HTTPURL
neutral	" Floyd May to Ronda Rousey : " " Make $ 300M in 36 minutes , then call me " " Rousey : " " Read a Dr.Seuss book all the way to the eend , then call me " " "
neutral	I did n't call Tom Brady the GOAT until he won his 4th Superbowl Ring so idk what this tweet means HTTPURL
neutral	John Cena is even the best at losing HTTPURL
neutral	" The.old woman next to me on the plane is currently reading Twilight , she 's hitting that phase a little past 7th grade but do you "
positive	@USER @USER I 'm literally listening to Calibraska the 22nd time in a row no joke
positive	I want to go to the Janet Jackson concert in January .
positive	Brock Lesnar on sportscenter talking about his fight with the Undertaker this Sunday ... What a time to be alive
neutral	@USER hopefully Curtis lets me ride the elevator tomorrow #AlwaysUp #BlessUp #KeyToMoreSuccess
positive	OK tomorrow I gotta watch the rest of I remember you and NARUTO THE LAST I CANT WAIT OH MY GOD THE WEABOO SIDE IS SHOWING ITS SELF
negative	@USER If Carly Fiorina is left out of the upcoming debate it may and possibly will backfire on CNN . Trump is not influencing CNN is he ?
neutral	Fiorina bets Clinton server wiped clean - GOP presidential candidate Carly Fiorina said on Friday that she bets De ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Y'all . Why am I just now getting the the correlation between SOC , Ice Cube , Friday , & " " Bye Felicia " " ? Idk how that 's just now clicking . "
positive	@USER it 's almost as serious as THIS SUNDAY NIGHT WHEN JOHN CENA DEFENDS THE WWE WORLD TITLE AT WWE SUPERSLAM ! ! !
positive	" If this is happening halfway through the show , John Cena is not winning his 16th world title ! Rejoice ! #Summerslam "
positive	Top science and technology award of the Islamic world to be awarded in Iran on Friday HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	@USER up there with him and dustin Johnson and I love to see there pain on a Sunday
neutral	How about Paul Dunne from @USER at the #OpenChampionship at #StAndrews 1st amateur since Bobby Jones in ' 27 to lead after 54 holes .
neutral	Last night I met @USER and today @USER arrest has ruined my thursday plans with a boy . Happy Star Wars day ?
neutral	All the scalpers jizzed in their pants when they heard Tom Brady would be playing on Thursday night .
positive	Love a good bit of ' Tony Blair shame on you ' on a Saturday . #DontBombSyria
positive	May this new year bring much goodness to Rahul Gandhi that he starts thinking about development of India ! HTTPURL
positive	" Go Set a Watchman , the only other novel by Harper Lee set to be a hit as it 's released in stores tomorrow ! #goodreads HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER #Wrong He played only 2 seasons at Chelsea , was injured most of the time & in 3rd season he was on loan at Milan . #BadLuck "
neutral	Did you know that ' Real Madrid ' was Trending Topic on Wednesday 2 for 6 hours in Leicester ? HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	" @USER You should think about Islam , you may love it "
negative	" @USER haha " " the thing is good sir , tomorrow Caitlyn Jenner will be a woman , but you will still be an idiot . " " HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER I 'm short and was wearing jeans and a grey nirvana shirt lol . But I saw you with Taylor before 7th
neutral	" Oliseh to ring closing bell at the Nigerian Stock Exchange : Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh , will perform th ... HTTPURL "
neutral	New coach ; Sunday Oliseh will today have his first outing with Nigeria 's Super Eagles as they continue their ... HTTPURL
negative	The IRA terrorist may be suspected of Killing 4 British Soldiers but he probably killed a lot more . The IRA ... HTTPURL
negative	@USER well then you need to take Kendrick Lamar off cause his last album was n't good you probably just going off of Black Friday ...
neutral	2006 NHL 1st overall pick pitching for the White Sox today .
neutral	Previously : Floyd Mayweather pictured for the 1st time since fight with Pacquiao HTTPURL
neutral	Well ... looks like One Direction has finally decided to end the standoff . Thanks for the free Zayn promo though ! HTTPURL
neutral	Thursday night at Spices Negril it 's Football Thursday . Food and Drink Specials all night . Tom Brady is Back vs Ben Rothlesburger in ...
negative	@USER but then I was like she may like Kpop so I take the chance and told her she was like : are they all CHINESE I dont like them
positive	" Sunday fun night . come hang out and be loved , Revcoak on the PS4 tonight : HTTPURL "
negative	" Scott Walker thinks building a wall between the US & anything is legitimate . His Wall dreams will cost taxpayers an arm , leg & 1st born . "
neutral	Dustin Johnson leading the #PGAChampionship . What a shock . Call me when he 's still there after Sunday . Needs to finish off a major for once .
neutral	@USER jordan may I see john cena about something ive hate my family right now but ive got some good new today two
positive	" 7th inning at Fenway Park . Red Sox lead the Phillies 6 to 1 . Eduardo Rodriguez still on the mound for the Sox , seeking his 9th win "
neutral	Gay emojis just like what cam uses HTTPURL
neutral	@USER I know what you mean my bday was on the 17th Zayn left on the 25
positive	" My son is walkin out with the ENG team tomorrow night , told him under no circumstances can he b holding hands with Kane , am I right 2 say that "
neutral	Boko Haram May Resume Talks With FG - SOURCES close to the leadership of the Boko Haram insurgents have ... HTTPURL #News
neutral	The people want to know where is Frank Ocean ! ! Read why fans thought album would be out already HTTPURL
positive	" can't wait for tomorrow ... we are going to watch Paper Towns , I am so excited , yaaay "
positive	Ice Cube managed to make all three Friday movies different but all still hilarious
positive	" @USER loved the way the debate on Yakub 's hanging was ended by you . " " We the people " " today was thought provoking HTTPURL "
positive	Refuse to go to the doctors about my concussion because I MUST see Jason Aldean Friday .. #logic #justgirlythings
neutral	Alright : who 's choosing Paul McCartney over the Weeknd tomorrow ?
positive	Chris Evans is just absolutely gorgeous ! What is your favourite Chris Evans Film ? #Beforewegosa 27 November HTTPURL
positive	@USER My little Harry Kenyon celebrates his 2nd birthday today with Prince George HTTPURL
positive	" @USER lol I 'm supposed to be going to Milan tonight with my girl , what are you up to tomorrow night "
negative	@USER and stay away from kris Bryant ! ! ! Do n't need my star 3rd baseman caught with a 16 year old ! ! !
neutral	" Curtis is literally the Mr . Mosby of SEP . I can see him saying " " no running in my commons " " "
positive	I still watch the new episode of Naruto every thursday #geek
negative	I pity those ' Ba turenci ' northerners . Many of them may be victims in this war against Boko Haram just as we get ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Obviously Kendrick , sorry Frank " " the disappearing act " " Ocean HTTPURL "
neutral	" Curtis - Inde , KY would go after Davis despite the 1st Amendment ( And 2 Muslim truck drivers get $ 240 000 . See HTTPURL ) "
positive	" Yes , Sharknado 4 Is Happening : Sharknado 3 had barely premiered Wednesday night before the studio annou ... HTTPURL ( Time ) "
neutral	@USER @USER They 've done this every year . It 's so fans go crazy and vote more to make sure they are 1st #MTVStars Lady Gaga
negative	I can't remember if my cat gets neutered today or tomorrow and I really do n't feel like driving way out to Milan just to be turned away Rip
neutral	The sound of Sunday with Ed Sheeran - The A Team HTTPURL #webradio #internetradio
positive	Happy Monday ! Here 's Jon Stewart taking it to John Cena to brighten your day lol #WWESummerSlam HTTPURL
positive	" A sultry new jam " " No Sleeep " " marked the return of Janet Jackson on Friday , July 24 , as the pop icon makes her ... HTTPURL "
negative	David Price does not look happy getting sent off . He 's allowed a hit each inning and left the game with the tying run at 2nd .
neutral	I guess Real Madrid will make another move for him in early Jan . both Navas & DeGea must feel so crappy ... HTTPURL
positive	Love in the dark Black Friday ( Kendrick ) What 's up Work Church HTTPURL
positive	" Briana 's 20th bday bash in January , just wait on it . "
positive	" I 'm still not over Kendrick 's " " Black Friday " " freestyle . Lyrically up there with the " " Control " " verse . I said it . "
neutral	" John Kasich was the last qualifier for the big #GOPdebate , 10th in the polls . He probably moved up tonight . "
neutral	" @USER A Culprit should be punished not matter what the religion may be , but in Yakub 's case , "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER when haha Ricky come through to the Kendrick concert tomorrow !
neutral	David De Gea 's future is still making headlines . He 's 11/4 with @USER to join Real Madrid in January - HTTPURL
positive	It 's Thursday and Dustin Johnson is crushing it at a major . All is right .
neutral	Let 's hope the match between Cyborg and Rousey does n't happen 5 years too late like Pac-May .
neutral	buying tickets for @USER in milan tomorrow and i swear i feel like i 'm going to war
positive	" #NEW #UPDATE Liam , Harry and Niall will celebrate Liam 's 22nd birthday at Topgolf tonight ! ! "
positive	I did laundry and did n't lose a SINGLE sock in the process and they moved the Rousey v . Holm fight to Nov 14 . Today is a good day ! ! !
neutral	I swear if Zayn performs tomorrow at the vmas I am not prepared mentally or physically
neutral	" We may look at the Protestant vs Catholic unrest as silly , but the same is happening now against Muslims . #Reign #BeOnTheRightSideOfHistory "
positive	Perfect stripped version is 2nd ? ? ? The Vamps beat it ? ? ?
positive	" Yes David Price , 1st time in MLB history all 15 home teams won . But you 're due for a slump . xox HTTPURL "
neutral	I 'm selling my 2 Ed Sheeran tickets for Gillette Stadium September 25th both tickets would come to $ 200 total lmk if you 're interested !
negative	@USER @USER If the comment was in reference to the ' Charlie Hebdo ' violent attack in january : it is no less repugnant . In my opinion
positive	" needed something to read on the 4 hour plane ride on Friday so I bought Paper Towns by John Green and I really like it so far , it 's funny ! ! "
neutral	@USER if I had a chance to be in Sharknado 3 I may have actually followed the rules for entry
neutral	Gucci plurality foreconscious doomed hope february think out the span thy figurative modern over and above en ...
neutral	Chuck Norris once walked the million man march by himself . There were no complaints .
negative	@USER @USER @USER Russian has n't struggled against ISIS . It may seem odd ; Russia and Israel have the same aim .
neutral	If McGregor wins tonight someone should keep an eye on Dana White . All the blood in his body may rush to his dick and make him pass out
positive	I 've been listening to U2 ' s music all day . Looking forward to the show on Friday .
neutral	" Israel may take in Christians , Yazidis , Kurds . But Israel will not just blindly take in any refugee it comes across . HTTPURL "
neutral	" @USER @USER @USER excatly : Jews had a 2nd - class status , the same as Christians . Were " " Dhimmi " " in muslim countries . "
neutral	I need to log off now bc school starts tomorrow and I 'm still not done with my summer hw . Have a Shawn pic ( not mine ) HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER can you talk about Curtis axel blowing up at wwe and the fans tomorrow , I really want to hear your take "
positive	@USER not sure if reported but Hulk Hogan will be on Good Morning America tomorrow giving exclusive on part with WWE
positive	Nirvana are the perfect Sunday music
neutral	@USER @USER The Foo Fighters concert is on Tuesday so I doubt we will even be back by 10 o'clock . I might not see you at all
neutral	Gucci multitude libido self-command december appear the twain thine module an in earnings as far as approving ...
negative	" Tho I respect his decision , I do n't agree with it . James McClean may not necessarily be a supporter of IRA . He said the poppys stand for ... "
neutral	" Interesting to see where the likes of : Pogba , De Gea , Austin , Kane , Berahino , Benzema , Wanyama , Stones , Borini end up come Wednesday morning "
neutral	" @USER @USER would n't be the 1st time they tried it . I mean come on , PM Tony Blair is literally an anagram of I 'm Tory Plan B ! ;) "
positive	But here 's the good news : - Tomorrow is a new game - 0.5 back is nothing - DAVID PRICE IS STILL A TORONTO BLUE JAY
neutral	1st chapter of Go Set a Watchman previewed . Already surprised at some of it . Thoughts ? @USER @USER HTTPURL
positive	" Best of luck to the 8th Grade CBC RUSH students on the Chapin C Team Football . Let 's go Caleb , Jarrett , and Shawn ! Praying for you guys ! "
neutral	You know you Gucci & Lauryn hill & a bunch of other ppl are here on September 12 HTTPURL
neutral	Who can get my mom into Lolla tomorrow ? She loves Paul McCartney more than she loves me
negative	" If I tell you 100 soldier will die tomorrow no one will react , but if y'all find out Kim Kardashian is having twins y'all lose your minds . "
neutral	" So when I 'm in your neighborhood , you better duck . Cause Ice Cube is crazy as a family sitcom . #StraightOuttaCompton HTTPURL "
neutral	A new bundle for potential PS4 owners . Contains the first three Uncharted games remastered HTTPURL
positive	Sat in bed watching twilight cause I 'm just that tucking cool right now ! !
neutral	" Who do you reckon will start upfront tomorrow for England ? Rooney , Kane or the highest English premier league goal scorer ? "
negative	" Damn . My two fav Chicago athletes , Kane and D Rose , may be facing rape charges . Hope neither is true ... but if so ... justice for the women . "
neutral	" Long weekend , four days of work then Foo Fighters on Sunday . Just to make it to Friday now . "
positive	@USER We lost one of the greats today .. Frank Gifford was amazing and also had the voice that I loved on Monday night . #greatHOF
neutral	" @USER i got one offer " " Airtel Double Data Offer with Moto G ( 3rd Gen . ) for 3G / 4G Customers " " on flipkart , so haw can i avail this . "
negative	" @USER come on C4 revamp it there , TF1 Sunday with Chris Evans ? Please no . I 'll just watch the full races and nowTV the good Sky ones . "
negative	Frank Gifford died this morning ; he would have turned 85 next Sunday : HTTPURL
neutral	" 31 games played with Inter and I sit in 5th , 4 points behind city rivals Milan in my final CL spot . 2nd to last game I face them " " away " " ... "
neutral	" Where 's Nicki 's style or her 2nd 1mil sold album ? ? Keep changing topics when u get clocked , its right here with u HTTPURL "
neutral	" Join us at the Eid multicultural festival 11.30 at #Brighton Open Market , London Road tomorrow HTTPURL HTTPURL "
neutral	Paul Dunne posts 6 - under 66 and he 'll have some serious Francis Ouimet undertones going on during tomorrow 's final round .
neutral	Balotelli in contention for Coppa ? : Mario Balotelli may be fit to make his Milan retu ... HTTPURL
neutral	" Red Sox have broken it open in the 4th , lead Phillies 8-0 . "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER If @USER can't win the open tomorrow then I want Paul Dunne @USER from Wicklow to win !
neutral	" @USER Indeed , hopefully Kane 's England success gives his season kick-start it needed . 3 points absolutely vital on Sunday , nothing less . "
positive	Hey FB . A friend of mine has an extra ticket to the FOO FIGHTERS concert tomorrow night in Pittsburgh . Message me ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER you going to The Vamps ' concert on the 30th ?
positive	The Americans may not have won the opening night game but they are totally running the Big Brother show . #CBBUK
positive	Fragrant Friday - Gucci Bamboo : Gucci has a new fragrance meant to show off the diverse sides of a Guc ... HTTPURL #beauty
neutral	George Osborne ( born GIDEON Oliver Osborne ; 23 May 1971 ) is a British politician and member of the Conservative Party
negative	Murray 's serve broken in 1st service game 2nd set . I 'm not watching any more . He does my head in at times doing everything the hard way !
neutral	#TGNArmy @USER @USER @USER Dark Souls 3 New Trailer Embrace the Darkness 12 April 2016 HTTPURL
positive	" May it Jason Derulo , Sean Kingston , Kanye West or Justin Timberlake . Just a loud music is relaxation . Some moment to forget the world . "
neutral	@USER @USER really ? ? do slaves have a proof ? ? video may be ? ? or is it just another Sonia / Rahul Gandhi words ? ?
positive	Psssst ... Frank Ocean it 's August 24th ... you already know what point I 'm getting at so just drop the album ! ! !
neutral	Made it to Wednesday and starting off we have ... Bee Gees with Jingle Jangle HTTPURL
positive	Very surprised Tom Brady was willing to speak at his locker room about the #DeflateGate decision . Ca n't wait until Thursday .
positive	Holy Yoga in Webster Groves resumes tomorrow ! Come practice yoga and reset the posture of your heart ... HTTPURL
neutral	Excellent . Looks like a quiet Saturday night . I can finally focus all my energy on analyzing the Hulk Hogan story .
positive	Can already feel the Dustin Johnson tilt and it 's only Monday
positive	The song ' Sunday Bloody Sunday ' by U2 has a whole new level of real for me . After visiting the city and memorial sites #history
neutral	At what point do we stop talking about #Sharknado3 and start discussing how tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day ? HTTPURL
positive	" Do n't forget all films before 5pm are just a fiver for all ! Valid Mon - Fri only . Book now and enjoy Ant-Man , ... HTTPURL "
negative	Tomorrow is Star Wars day at my work but my star wars shirt got caught on a fence and ripped :/
positive	Kris Bryant crushes a HR off the big videoboard in left field . His 23rd . #cubs and #dbacks tied at 1 in 5th .
neutral	" @USER @USER Made my own Naruto clan , it is called " " Ankoku Clan " " . May I have it registered ? HTTPURL "
positive	All I know is I 'm going to see Sam Smith tomorrow .. Like I honestly do not care about anything else in this world ..
neutral	Mayweather vs . Rousey will never happen in the boxing HTTPURL
neutral	#Retirement moves : Little known IRA shift may save you money featuring Professor David Littell via CNBC ... HTTPURL
positive	Jacob u should come at the EMAs in October in Milan bc we love u
neutral	There were clues the administration had a connection to the Rolling Stone rape hoax . This is pretty definitive HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER Ay you heard " " Black Friday " " by Kendrick a J Cole "
positive	" @USER A sad , shocking day for football . May Frank Gifford be remembered always and forever , RIP "
positive	Thursday peeps :) Band on the Run a night of music from Paul McCartney ! ! ! HTTPURL
neutral	@USER John Kasich may sound fine unless of course you 're a public sector worker who has lost collective barg rights .
neutral	Guys like that masturbate to the image of Randy Orton every Monday . HTTPURL
negative	Ah bollocks . I liked this guy 's Israel stuff but looks like he 's a dud . HTTPURL
neutral	" With his upcoming new album " " Blackstar " " out in January , David Bowie has shared a teaser for the short film to ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" #News : nirvananews : August 28th , 1993 - Nirvana meet with Youri ... : nirvananews : August 28th , 19 ... HTTPURL #KeepGrunge "
neutral	" Drew Hutchison is in great company with 13 wins , tying him with Mark Buehrle & David Price . Here 's to Mark adding to his total Sunday . #Jays "
neutral	" Selling a Zac brown band ticket for the 3rd , message me if you 're interested . "
negative	@USER So sorry for the loss of your beloved husband and father of your kids . May you see him again in heaven . RIP Frank Gifford .
neutral	@USER Seth Rollins had a title match with John Cena Seth Broke his nose And now people want title shots cause cena may not make it
neutral	My Naruto cards say they wont be here until Monday . I want them now .
neutral	Palace warns of ' Commoners dangerously close to Prince George . May Discover he 's just human HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	( LISTEN ) Dana White on Saturday Sports SENtral : President of the UFC Dana White chats with Kevin Hillier ahead ... HTTPURL
neutral	Pics and video of the broken nose John Cena suffered in WWE Raw main event with Seth Rollins HTTPURL via @USER
negative	Hahahhaha depressed af . I leave the 7th . Jack and jack come on the 9th and Shawn on the 8th hahahaha kill me
negative	Bitch a lot of people do sextapes but because it was briana yall are attacking her HTTPURL
positive	currently listening to justin bieber 's very first album and the 6th grade memories are coming back
positive	Last friday was a blast . I really missed mamox coz shes the only one who understands me when it comes to kpop . ( we even sang 2pm ' s go crazy )
neutral	Welp time to launch Tom Brady into the sun : HTTPURL
positive	" Does it burn right now ? Yeah . Harvey tomorrow , deGrom game 6 and Thor in game 7 with everyone available . #GottaBelieve #LGM #Goodnight "
neutral	Red Sox Rick Porcello and his 13K ' s and 2 unearned runs deserved a better fate . 3-1 Yankees in the 9th .
positive	seth rollins is going to be in daytona on sunday and i need to be there .
neutral	" I know what I 'm doing the 24th , preoredering Calibraska by Jack and Jack ! "
negative	Breaking news : Saudi Arabia bankruptcy now on the waywithin Feb for crude breakdown below @USER $ for over supply and less consumption globally
positive	Kris Bryant will make October 7th come faster do n't worry everyone .
positive	Maybe Iron Maiden can take the hint ... we love our metal ! ! HTTPURL
positive	@USER I find that Kendrick Lamar is good to listen to when you 're out on a Friday night driving for Uber . ' Sing About Me ' is a cut !
neutral	Janet Jackson paid tribute to Aaliyah on the 14th anniversary of her death on Tuesday HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	" Okay , I forgive the makers of Ant-Man for omitting Jan Pym . It 's a funny , exciting , heist film with a lot of honor to dads . Go see it . "
neutral	Could have gotten ugly for Morgan in 1st after first 3 Red Sox hitters reached . But he only allows 1 run to score . Struck out Ortiz looking .
neutral	" Just when I think I may be done with wrestling , John Stewart screws John Cena . "
neutral	" ESPN : " " What will you be thinking when you tee off tomorrow out last at the Open ? " " Paul Dunne : " " Make contact with the ball . " " "
positive	" @USER broke the story for @USER fight . As if Rousey could n't get cooler , she is bringing MMA mainstream HTTPURL "
neutral	May have something to do with Big Brother
negative	" Dear @USER @USER I 'm so disappointed with the headphones you give with ur phones , Sadly its still the same with Moto G 3rd Gen "
positive	Kendrick is gonna be # 1 on every year end list .. So vote for the man @USER and get the 1st round upset HTTPURL
neutral	#NowPlaying Queen - Cool Cat ( 2nd take with David Bowie ) HTTPURL
negative	" Friday demonstrations : several Palestinians injured by IOF fire : On Christmas Day , protests against the Israel ... HTTPURL "
neutral	I stanned Kendrick heavy Dec-Feb should I be happy about this and call everyone favs irrelevant ? HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER The subtitled films at MK this week are Inside Out tonight at 7pm , Ant-Man 19:40 Thursday and The Gallows 21:30 Monday "
neutral	Anyone else willing to drop $ 120 to see Paul McCartney at Nationwide in Oct ? Or is it just me ... ?
negative	@USER yes . Brock Lesnar will appear tomorrow then he will be gone till before Royal Rumble
neutral	" * * i 'm not finished with Naruto so my next tweet may not be 100 % true , so correct me if I am wrong please ! "
positive	@USER @USER I second you . Not nearly as deep as Dark Souls ( see the 3rd link in my profile 's description )
neutral	" Deep in a Dream - Chet Baker - [ Chet Baker with Fifty I ] Milan , Italy , September 28 , 1959-09- 28 #chetbaker "
positive	I love Kris Bryant . The way he plays 3rd is Santo-esque . But damn that was a nice play by Herrerra
negative	" Nicki has no class ? Mf got a fish in his avi . You get off to the smell of fish right ? C'mon bitch step ya dick up , TWEET @USER ME . @USER "
negative	" Only PTI has vision / foresight for climate related projects , but corrupt media rather talk about IK 's Eid with wife . HTTPURL "
neutral	15th and the first by Gucci & Waka would get God to rip some shots
negative	1st SCOTUS pisses off Christians with gay marriage LAW then rightly jails #kimdavies for breaking it ! #bravo HTTPURL
neutral	" { big if and chuck norris only knows it } " " assuming if you have an idea tomorrow is going to be an up day " " "
positive	Holy shit I just realized my Ed Sheeran concert is a week from tomorrow oh my god ! ! ? ? ! ? !
positive	" Women vote in Saudi Arabia for first time ! " " Saturday 's historic elections for municipal councils marked the ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Rabby are rumoured to be going to watch ' Paper Towns ' on Saturday Care to confirm ? @USER and @USER
neutral	Tom Brady Speaks for the 1st Time Since Suspension Overturned ... HTTPURL #tombrady
neutral	Moto G ( 3rd Gen ) First Impression : Can it Beat Xiaomi Mi 4i and Lenovo K3 Note ? HTTPURL
neutral	Not making it to the main debate stage may not be such a bad thing for Carly Fiorina HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	" @USER Dear Taimouraga , Thank you for contacting . Apologies for the late reply . Yes the Centers were open at the 4th day of Eid . "
neutral	#MNTwins rally to beath the White Sox 8-6 Tuesday night HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	John Stewart broke the 11th commandment by hitting John Cena with a chair & now I want to put his ass through a Table
negative	" Yes , I Hate Okocha - Sunday Oliseh Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh has finally laid to rest rumours that he ... HTTPURL "
neutral	David Wright is expected to be back in the lineup tomorrow . Yoenis Cespedes and Travis d'Arnaud will likely get tomorrow off .
neutral	" When Ice Cube said Bye Felicia , on Friday it was an inside joke . "
positive	Vampettes we are back on the 21st place keep tweeting with the hashtag #MTVStars The Vamps #MTVStarsOf2015
neutral	Someone come with me tomorrow to see Paper Towns ?
positive	" The Foo Fighters may be my favorite concert , ever . It 's one of the only times I 've truly " " felt " " the energy between the band and crowd . "
positive	Blue Monday and Like a Rolling Stone are the best songs to repeat how does it feel a bunch of times
positive	@USER you should do something extra special for Chicago on Friday and sing U2 ' s Ultraviolet . It 's so perfect when you sing it .
neutral	" in 2016 Justin Bieber 's birthday is on a Tuesday , the same day 22 years ago . March 1st 1994 on a Tuesday . "
neutral	Shell to pay $ 3bn debt to Iran : Iran 's media said on 27 December that the Anglo-Dutch energy giant Shell plans ... HTTPURL
neutral	Caitlyn Jenner May Face Manslaughter Charges In Fatal Crash HTTPURL Yeah he 's real courageous alright ...
positive	" Take it up with senior clerics @USER @USER @USER HTTPURL HTTPURL " " have nothing to do with Islam " " "
positive	" Indiana friends : anybody have any interest in going to see Zac Brown Band on 13 September ? Close to Indy , lawn tickets are cheap . "
neutral	Today 's Schedule - September 8 8: 30 AM - Vinyasa Yoga with Emily 6:00 PM - Power Yoga with Chic See you for practice !
positive	All my FSSs are already wishing me happy holidays ( even the ones from Israel ! ) ... I sure am glad I wo n't have to work all alone tomorrow .
positive	" Okay if Justin , Nicki , Demi , the weekend and zayn are performing I'ma have to have a 36 inch sew in tomorrow cuz my weave coming out 2night "
positive	Cable here is running Sharknado ( the 1st one ) right now ! This movie is the dumbest thing I 've ever LOVED ...
positive	When I heard California on Calibraska for the 1st time my mouth was in to wide of an O from my amazement that my band from my braces broke
neutral	" #Patriots Tom Brady may or may not know anything about deflating footballs , but he can deflate #NFL commission Goodell #GODcomplex "
neutral	" @USER @USER thats what we say every year . Anyway , I can't see both Milan & Juve fighting for the 3rd place . "
positive	" Today and tomorrow will be the #U2day . All the day my #periscope will be dedicated about the U2 concert in Turin , ... HTTPURL "
neutral	When you 're . out with work mates on a Monday night and stumble across a ukulele jam signing old Katy Perry
negative	" 3rd time thru lineups has been issue for Alex Wood . 1st time thru not going so well today . #Cubs with 3 hits , 1 BB inc 2 run HR Kris Bryant "
neutral	" Fresh off its own ballistic missile test , Iran says the US violated the nuclear deal by ... changing visa rules ? HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER Thanks , Israel ! The base-band version will determine if the device is up-to-date . May we please have the model "
positive	Singing Rising Sun out loud has got to be one of the most exhilirating and stress relieving things known to KPop fans haha RISIIIIINGGGGGGG
neutral	" @USER here it 's over , Eid on Friday , 4th day no Eid @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER "
positive	It 's Prince George 's 2nd birthday today ! @USER have released this photo of him with his dad to celebrate . HTTPURL
positive	" India , Iran plan to increase bilateral trade , explore new areas of cooperation at the 18th JCM HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER sees name at top of leaderboard for tweet of the day . Immediately has Dustin Johnson like quad bogey . Finishes tied for 12th .
negative	" Boko Haram now militants not terrorists says LEADERSHIP . Conspiracy theorists get to work , i want my tl occupied with articles by monday "
negative	1 pillar of death is visiting another tomorrow 7am . George Osborne visiting Faslane Some people just can't take a hint #toriesnotwelcome
positive	I get to see Ed Sheeran on Thursday . And Stephan is going with me . My excitement levels are through the roof . :D
negative	The hate eminating from Muslims over #MuslimDragQueens just further highlights how incompatible this disgusting religion with 1st world
positive	Milan are the 2nd most successful European team ever ( Juventus in the Serie A only ) ... Look at them today
positive	" @USER @USER @USER I mean , apparently he was the guy who got the Mets hooked on the very cookies David Wright served Tues . "
negative	Not for fun ! Rahul Gandhi & Sonia Gandhi are ACCUSED in #NationalHerald criminal case And you forgot to prefix that HTTPURL
positive	Make sure to be part of the upcoming EuroFM members meeting in Milan ! HTTPURL #networkwithFMprofessionals
neutral	" Ugh , have to agree with you there ( was groaning at the Christians in Name Only , really ) HTTPURL "
positive	Now going to watch Ant-man for a 2nd time and drving everybody ...
neutral	@USER what 's up with Saturday I know watching Hulk Hogan 's cartoons from the 80s rotflmao
neutral	" Taijuan Walker improved to 9-7 in Sunday 's win over the White Sox , though he also surrendered five runs on seven hits over 5 2/3 innings . "
negative	Carly fiorina may try to get sympathy votes from women by using the cancer card . #FeelTheBern #Bernie2016
positive	" Yoga at home , then walking in the woods in the sun @USER fizz & catch up with the mother in the garden #GoodDayOff "
positive	' David Price ' appeared on Tuesday 4 at the 6th place in the Top 20 of Ottawa 's Trends : HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	Hamilton scratched vs . Twins with sore knee : The Rangers have scratched Josh Hamilton from Wednesday 's ... HTTPURL : @USER
negative	" Could the #Aggies get more conservative on offense ? Would be hard . Turn it over on 4th - and - 1 at ASU 's 20 , misusing Murray for second time . "
neutral	" #iran Iran men march into final : In the end , India - 2 ' s soft touch was n't enough to st ... HTTPURL - HTTPURL "
negative	1D stans gonna blame Zayn for this .. just wait #WeMissYourVoiceZayn HTTPURL
positive	can it be Thursday yet ? I wanna watch naruto
neutral	@USER @USER abhi tu ankh se anso nikal rha hain nxt Eid pr Teri gand se blood aa gaye lolxx 5th day 152 crores
neutral	" Sunday Oliseh Meets With Victor Moses In London ( Photo ): Super Eagles coach , Sunday Oliseh has started the pro ... HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER Saudi Arabia the centre of Islam , a Mecca for Muslims , have taken No fleeing Muslim refugees ! You 'd think be 1st place . "
positive	Im going to the Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean Concert this Saturday ! ! FUCKKK YEAHSSSS
neutral	" @USER Logically , one would extend dog day until tomorrow so that it coincides with National Ice Cream Day . "
positive	@USER may God be with his people Israel and guide and protect them ! # I stand with Israel !
positive	National Ice Cream Day is Sunday but the fun 101.3 staff is celebrating today with delicious Weis quality ice ... HTTPURL
positive	" @USER I will be spending my Friday night listening for Taylor Swifts " " Bad Blood " " on the # 1 radio station Virgin Radio 99.9 :) "
positive	Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day and @USER will have $ 1 Big Bites ! Get you a wiener ! #NationalHotDogDay #BigBite #7Eleven #wieners
positive	David Price does the #Tigers a favor in his 1st #BlueJays start . Jays W vs #Twins pulls Detroit 1/2 game closer 2 2nd WC . Now 3 gms back .
neutral	And I thought Tsarnaev on the Rolling Stone was bad . HTTPURL
neutral	Seth Rollins kick off the monday night #RAW #Baltimore HTTPURL
neutral	" So Chris Christie , Rick Perry , and John Kasich are fighting for their lives to make the GOP debate on Thursday . Who will miss out ? "
positive	" The Vamps @USER performed in the BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge on Monday , check out their amazing set here ... HTTPURL "
negative	@USER the club is an absolute joke . The once great Milan is now a provincial side . 8th if we are lucky .
neutral	" If someone wanted to find me at #saratoga tomorrow , it would n't be too hard . I stick out like a sore thumb with my PS4 lanyard thing . "
positive	" @USER You can always meet them on the Friday shakedown as Nicki said that 'd be better , so it probably will be for the others ! ;) "
neutral	" New review tomorrow , this time I check out Ed Hunter , that 's right the game based on Iron Maiden \ , , / "
positive	" Tomorrow is the last day to see Ant-Man so Mission : Impossible Rogue Nation can begin Friday , July 31st . To see ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Sun 12/13 : Thor the Elf was checking out Tanner 's toy box for gift ideas . #ThortheElf2015 HTTPURL
neutral	Scott Walker is too brave to have an opinion on the 14th Amendment .
positive	" Jaden Smith Deems This 2015 Romance the Best Movie Ever , Excluding Twilight : The aspiring spiritual leader may ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" I 'm going to Troye Sivan at Alcatraz in Milan , Italy - May 2 HTTPURL "
positive	" Wednesday is Movie Day ! We recently saw Ant-Man , Southpaw and Amy ( the Amy Winehouse documentary ) . What have ... HTTPURL "
negative	its Thursday and the warmness continues to be a pain like kanye west
negative	" @USER He does n't support the IRA , he refuses to wear a poppy because he 's from Derry , where Bloody Sunday occurred . "
neutral	" ... that you may not die , O House of Israel ... "
neutral	Motorola Rolls Out ' Moto Xpress ' Doorstep After-Sales Service : After launching the much awaited Moto G ( 3rd Ge ... HTTPURL
neutral	I need someone to come see Ed Sheeran with me this Saturday in Dallas
positive	" Sat what you want about U2 , slag them off if you will , but I still think they were a damn fine class of submarine "
positive	" The instrumental versoin of " " 4th of July " " in Paper Towns is one of the best things ever "
neutral	" To my students , we wo n't have class tomorrow . Please listen to led zeppelin , acdc , nirvana , foo fighters and of course the beatles . Thanks . "
neutral	Twitter poked fun at Floyd Mayweather 's display against Manny Pacquiao on Saturday night with a host of memes and virals with some
neutral	I was worried for a bit that John Cena may have been behind the Kennedy assassination because I could n't see him when it happened .
neutral	Watching Sharknado .
positive	" @USER Dear Mr . Trump , you should be the 1st candidate to offer debate spot to Carly Fiorina , or boycott debate if she is left out "
positive	" gonna see the god , the beast incarnate , the mayor of suplex city @USER tomorrow night . hopefully to see him wreck Seth Rollins . "
negative	" false , no such thing as " " a song better than march madness " " , Kendrick would tell you that too HTTPURL "
positive	It 's Star Wars Day in the LLC tomorrow ! Do n't miss it ! ! #WheatonNorth HTTPURL
neutral	Let 's just hope Cyborg and Rousey fight in December is more than just a rumor . #UFC
positive	" May their be peace in Israel , Jews and Muslims . May Christians open their hearts and minds to the truth . There is only ONE GOD . "
neutral	" @USER George Harrison composed " " Here Comes the Sun " " at Eric Clapton 's house in Surrey . "
neutral	I 'm going to count how many flannels tied around the waist and nirvana shirts at 5sos tomorrow
positive	Starting my Friday off with some Ice Cube #westside HTTPURL
negative	I do understand that John Kasich has written two books . I 'm not saying he DOESN'T know what 's in the books . Someone may have drawn pictures .
neutral	@USER Real Madrid and Man U have different rules im sure he will be a madrid player tomorrow
positive	Sam Smith in the ' Omen ' music video may have turned me gay for a few moments
negative	Chr @USER Christians may have crazy beliefs but atheists are just crazy
positive	Cole and Kendrick really went off on the Black Friday remixes
negative	" just me that thinks it 's fucking daft arresting OAPs for killings on Bloody Sunday , too long ago , fuck the IRA "
positive	I like Thorburn with Copp and Halischuk on the 4th line . Really like Thor on the 4th line .
neutral	" Kanye West Is Running For President , Nothing Is Real : On Sunday night , Kanye West received the MTV Video Vangu ... HTTPURL "
neutral	White Sox coach upbeat about way hitters have battled back in second half : Todd Steverson said Tuesday he woul ... HTTPURL
neutral	In case you 're still calling Caitlyn Jenner a hero . HTTPURL
positive	" Wondering how to spend this wet and windy Friday evening ? Come and see the magnificent Cate Blanchett in Carol , showing at 7.45 . "
positive	" Friday starred Ice Cube and Set It Off had Dr Dre in it , so this NWA : Straight Outta Compton biopic will be a walk in the park . "
positive	@USER I thought your mash-up of Katy Perry & Frank Ocean was BRILLIANT . That may have been my favorite song of the night ! #YouKilledIt
positive	@USER @USER @USER I hope that they attract the right audience and some that may not have seen DBZ or Naruto before .
neutral	" @USER Do n't worry bbz , tomorrow will be George Osborne getting booed at the Paralympics . "
neutral	Prince George is having a helicopter themed 2nd birthday party . I wonder if Bronny will try to crash it . #royalparty #bronnygate #crash
positive	" Josh Hamilton tormented the Angels Friday in return to Anaheim ( 2 - for - 4 ) . Did n't start Saturday , but pinch hit and scored the winning run . "
neutral	@USER the same Scioscia who called for a pitch out on a 2-2 count with 1 out vs . White Sox on Thursday ?
neutral	I just bought Dark Souls 2 for the 4th time . I 've spent $ 145 to keep playing this game . @USER hook it up with a shirt or something .
neutral	Like wow do u guys not aware that Christians are going to church on Sunday ? ? ?
neutral	I 'm up before 5pm on a Wednesday ... who am I and what have I done with Curtis ?
neutral	Supreme Court rules against clerk in gay marriage case : The Supreme Court on Monday ruled against the Kentucky ... HTTPURL
neutral	We should set all the little Albanian Tony Blair 's on Corbyn HTTPURL HTTPURL
positive	" @USER @USER lol sister :-) Sister Act correctly , Big Brother is watching . May you be blessed with true goodness & beauty always . "
positive	" Hearing Paul McCartney live was absolutely incredible . I 'm glad I was n't in the crowd but I sat by the lake instead , which was amazing . "
positive	" Maryam Institute invites you to a special workshop on " " LOVE TO STAY : Marriage in Islam " " THIS Saturday inshaAllah ... HTTPURL "
negative	That nigga Zayn may have twitter balls but he 's still a soft nigga in my book
neutral	" The beast incarnated , Brock Lesnar calls Ronda Rousey a " " super freak " " but is worried she may not be remembered . HTTPURL "
neutral	#Cubs Kris Bryant is starting in right field for the Cubs on Monday . HTTPURL
neutral	It looks like Carly Fiorina is going to do the Full Ginsburg on the Sunday morning news shows . Trump will do all but Fox . LOL .
negative	" @USER first time I heard of " " twilight " " I assumed it was a horror / thriller flick , but I sat thru it . Imagine my disappointment .. "
positive	" 5SOS won , Taylor & Nicki had a duet , Nicki looked like she wanted to beat the crap out of Miley . Waking up to this , Monday is good for once ! "
neutral	" PGA , ' Big Brother ' score for CBS : Jason Day wipes away tears on the 18th green alongside caddie Colin Swatton ... HTTPURL "
positive	#ClearTheShelters this Saturday August 15th at Prince George 's County Animal Shelter ! Hope to see you there ! ! HTTPURL
positive	The Leader on the Sunday of the British Open and Paul Dunne is still 20/1 . Crazy !
neutral	" @USER Hi , may i ask you for your Help . Can you hook me up with used ( second hand ) console PS4 or XboxOne ? ? Thanks in advance "
neutral	Gucci unmentionables alter good hope december extend the match your symptomatologic entrance reinforcement til ...
neutral	going to see Justin Bieber on 14th October in London
neutral	tomorrow all the headlines are going to be about how Nicki had such an ~ aggressive outburst ~
positive	" July 19th is National Ice Cream Day When you get the urge for a snack on a hot , humid summer night , what 's ( cont ) HTTPURL "
positive	" Odin , far-wanderer , grant me wisdom , courage , and victory . Friend Thor , grant me strength , and may both be with me . "
neutral	Whilst members of the IRA receive their letters of comfort the British Govt arrest veterans in relation to Bloody Sunday . Moving on ? No ?
neutral	" @USER EP can be pre-ordered . Ships on Oct . 1 . Songs are from MJ , Bee Gees , Ed Sheeran , the Darkness , and someone else , I think "
neutral	" * at school tomorrow * friend : " " did you see what Niall tweeted Ca - " " Me : friend : nvm HTTPURL "
neutral	im going to see Paper Towns with my mum tomorrow or the day after . Is it good ?
neutral	@USER no more than when Curtis or Murphy had to dive in the 1st 2 games .
neutral	" Sunday 's telecast of Big Brother featuring @USER was delayed 30 minutes , but @USER has you covered : HTTPURL "
positive	Visiting Mariyln tomorrow with Thor then lunch with nana and Thor ! :)
positive	" Ryan Braun hits his 25th HR of the year , a solo shot in the 8th as the #Brewers trail Reds 5-3 now on #whby "
negative	@USER if you get roasted by Kim kardashian about spelling you may as well deactivate all social media accounts
positive	1st time in my life I agree with Brock Lesnar about his Rousey comment . #UFC #WWE
positive	Someone go see Zac Brown Band with me September 12 ! !
neutral	Taking the fam to the Yankees and Red Sox game tomorrow
neutral	' ' Cyborg ' going to reach 135 pounds to combat Rousey in December #Breakingnews # HTTPURL
positive	that Fourth of July remix thingy in Paper Towns just makes me feel something weird and good and refreshing like ! ! !
negative	" In a village in the northeast of the country on Tuesday , suspected Boko Haram militants burned down houses , ... HTTPURL "
negative	@USER @USER the offensive tweets were from Jan 7th after Charlie Hebdo attack dumbass read the date on the tweet
positive	We sat down with Ice Cube himself to talk about his new movie ' Straight Outta Compton ' . HTTPURL
positive	Chelsea Clinton Is Asked About Kanye West Running for President and Her Perspective May Surprise You : Can we get through the 2016 ele ...
positive	" he 's my sun , he makes me shine #MTVStars Lady Gaga "
positive	" I 'm going to an Angels game tomorrow , but I 'm not a fan . It 's a great thing David Price is pitching tho ! ! ! "
neutral	Completely different milan in the 2nd half
positive	Tricking my mom into watching Sharknado and Sharknado 2 : The Second One before the party tomorrow night #Sharknado3
neutral	@USER Actually u may be right I am Joe Beggs grandson Who was the founder of the IRA and I was born april 20 same B day as hitler hum
neutral	Ryan Braun with a triple off of Glen Perkins in the 9th ! #Brewers #ASG2015
neutral	" @USER i have bought MOTO G 3rd Gen , it has a gsm and a LTE ( micro sim ) slot , i put my primary number in the gsm slot , ( 1/2 ) "
neutral	My mom changed the channel in the bottom of the 9th to the Food Network and I missed Kris Bryant 's walk off . She sleeping outside tonight .
neutral	Also started my 2nd game to juggle alongside Dark Souls for the channel first 2 parts will be up tomorrow morning also 3 dark souls parts
positive	" Chris Evans 's attention will be on Top Gear which returns in early May with him at the helm , alongside German racing driver Sabine "
neutral	" ~ Championship . Seth Rollins can run his mouth about me all he wants , but when August 23rd comes , the time for talk is over ! "
positive	" SIGH . Not really huge news in my opinion , but do n't get me wrong I 'm excited for Rousey & Holm in Australia and seeing it sooner than Jan 2 . "
neutral	Photoset : thepalmtoptiger : Are we going to talk about the fact that Zayn has the sun / sunray motif on his ... HTTPURL
neutral	You are essentially Sat-Chit-Ananda ( Existence-Knowledge-Bliss Absolute ) . You are That Brahman ! Live to realize the Self ! Attain Nirvana ! OM
neutral	George Osborne starts nailing down EU reforms with talks in Paris . David Cameron wants to conclude negotiations by December .
negative	We need to let go of Frank Ocean . He died on the 31st of July . He 's gone
negative	" Unfollowing anyone tweeting about Sharknado , may god have mercy on yr soul "
positive	" I wanna wake up tomorrow with Dunkin by my bed , that would be the best birthday breakfast ever . "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER im sat with frank Ocean right now ! Nothing to do with Fifa Im just gassed
positive	@USER @USER so glad they are bringing Angela back . this makes me happy I just hope Shawn and Angela get their 2nd chance
positive	" NYC baseball fans upgrade hot dogs to avodogs : In celebration of National Hot Dog Day on July 23 , the Peruvian ... HTTPURL "
neutral	me : starting yoga tomorrow . tips ? yoga expert friend : just listen to your body me : i hate listening to my body it never listens to me
neutral	" @USER I think her and Nicki opened the show . But never got to watch it . And , I think I may have been watching the backstage haha "
positive	The sun 's glow had given way to a brilliant twilight that paint the great mountains with violet and orange rivers . #PaintGlowNYE @USER
negative	" @USER @USER Whites have been oppressing Muslims since the end of the 1st World War , goy : ^ ) "
neutral	Paul Dunne has an even par front nine . He is - 12 and three off the lead at the Open . Harrington has birdied the 11th HTTPURL
positive	@USER Saturday Night Live with Bee Gees or Take That ?
neutral	" @USER Counting Holms , this will be the 3rd opponent in a row that has a 9-0 record before fighting Rousey . #UFC "
negative	White Sox are lowest scoring team in the American League HTTPURL
positive	Aj already seems to be cracking and all he did was go with my dad to pick them up from the airport ; Briana and I may win this bet LOL
positive	Tbh . Drag me down music video was so good that I did n't notice Zayn was missing until the 4th time I watched it
positive	" You know how in Perks of Being a Wallflower , David Bowie 's Heroes made them feel infinite ? Tuesday was the soundtrack to my infinity . "
positive	i just watched sting fucking rek seth on monday night raw im so happy even that girl rekt him fuck seth rollins man
negative	Apparently the IRA started Bloody Sunday ... how propaganda history is re-written for the uneducated constantly amuses HTTPURL
neutral	Beyond Eyes Out Tomorrow on PS4 : Hey PlayStation.Blog readers ! Together with independent developer Tiger & Squ ... HTTPURL
negative	Kurt Cobain has been dead for 21 years and he 's dropping a solo album in November and I 'm still waiting for Frank Ocean 's new album
neutral	When people come to your house on the 4th day of Eid with a SHADI KA CARD ...
neutral	Al Michaels memorialized Frank Gifford at the Hall of Fame game on Sunday HTTPURL HTTPURL
negative	@USER @USER that awkward moment when im going to gay pride tomorrow :/
neutral	" 1st Song of the Day : " " No Hurry " " by Zac Brown Band HTTPURL "
positive	@USER @USER @USER Randy Orton and Cesaro are the best . They are great super star of wwe . I hope you win match sun .
positive	Fuck my bets and potential winnings ! ! I want Paul Dunne to win this ! C'mon Paul ! ! #TheOpen2015
neutral	" Hey Conservatives and Scott Walker supporters , while you 're enjoying this Labor Day Weekend and have tomorrow off ... HTTPURL "
positive	Happy birthday Stephanie Meyer ! ! May you have a Merry Christmas by Twilight !
neutral	If you 're free Friday night after the Jason Aldean concert text me and let me know . Throwing a party .
negative	" @USER @USER what are you on about , you post a fake pic of IRA , I post a real pic of English soldiers during bloody sunday "
neutral	" @USER @USER rah some of your questions . May Allah guide you to real knowledge of Islam , because you come aCross a lacking it "
neutral	Seth Rollins going all in thinking the nose may have been Cena 's horcrux . #RAW
positive	" Jon Stewart on Monday Night Raw is LIT . 10/10 , would hit American sweetheart JOHN CENA with metal chair again tonight . "
neutral	I think if I wake up one day and realize that I am not married to Frank Ocean I may lose my mind .
positive	A lot has happened while I was away sprain-spraying my ankle . Murray has taken the 1st set 6-3 in 50 mins & is up a break at 2-1 in the 2nd .
neutral	LaVonte David backstage at Raw with John Cena . #Huskers HTTPURL
neutral	@USER what exactly is ' fact ' about Islam ? And who are u referring to as inbreeds - u do know that Islam allows cousins to wed .. right ?
neutral	" Takahashi Rio , one of the ensemble for Live Spectacle Naruto , was Katsuo of Seigaku 5th Gen in TeniMyu 1st Season HTTPURL "
neutral	Well Dustin Johnson played like he does every Sunday in a major #TheOpen2015
neutral	Im having like a terrible day and Maddie just made it ten times better with Dunkin tomorrow
neutral	@USER Press release came out instead of song . Confirmed Sam Smith but it 's coming out on the 25th .
positive	Briana made a playlist of songs that remind her of me and the 3rd one to come on was All I want for Christmas by Mariah Carey :')
neutral	@USER Watch : even tho that was Nicki responding 2 Miley putting her on blast 1st the media will make it out like Nicki picking a fight .
neutral	Microphone picking up Murray 's F bomb at the sit down after the 2nd set ...
neutral	Whoever is the DJ for UC 1st ' s music choices has seriously been favoring Katy Perry for the last hour .
neutral	Do you want to win a free pair of tickets to see Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean this Saturday night ? ! ? ! Come to ... HTTPURL
positive	I really want to go see Sam Smith in Austin this Saturday
positive	Pool Party Stories : Dana White treats both teams to some fun in the sun HTTPURL
negative	" Well , this is just embarrassing #immigrantlivesmatter Scott Walker and ' birthright citizenship ' HTTPURL via @USER "
neutral	Naruto is actually going to be a live action movie HTTPURL
neutral	I may not like Kpop but do n't bring racism and the dead and I 'm taking to both sides Directioners and Kpoppers #WeLove1dAndKpop
positive	Kid free dinner with @USER Paper Towns on Sat and Harry Potter weekend on TV ! What a great bday weekend ! #wallofcows
neutral	Carly Fiorina may not be joining the next debate - Carly Fiorina may not be considered to join the next debate due ... HTTPURL
neutral	@USER yeah on October 10 the English version is gonna come out in America on Naruto 's birthday
neutral	Sat in beer garden of Crwys pub with my father his lady and my precious and I see Glynn from Big Brother !
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER Police 1st job is to protect the public not themselves ! They would never lie ... Iran ?
neutral	" - As I said immediately after her fight on Saturday , if you are n't behind Rousey at this point , it 's envy . If I ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Guy opened the 8th gate and Naruto saved his ass .. GOAT
positive	epic fight scene ! Boruto : Naruto the movie ! may gosh ! sasuke and naruto together ahihihihi <3 i need the full movie please please leak ! haha
neutral	" Tonight , Billy Joel takes Wrigley Field and then , on Saturday , the Foo Fighters ! Stop by for a drink beforehand . ---> HTTPURL "
positive	" July 19th is National Ice Cream Day , one of my favorite days of the year ! Cold ice cream on a hot summer day is a ... HTTPURL "
neutral	#nowplaying the no . 1 hit of Janet Jackson - Escapade from March 3 till March 17 at the #Billboard top 100 | @USER
neutral	@USER Omo seriously ? I got into Kpop because of BIGBANG too then after that i discovered B2ST so they were the 2nd boyband i got into
neutral	John Kasich and Rick Perry are vying for the 10th slot . But a tie could mean another podium on the debate stage .
neutral	" Waiting for the 2nd post credit stinger for Ant-Man , alone in the cinema , is probably the nerdiest thing I 've ever done . "
neutral	" Gotta feel for Paul Dunne , the guy finished as the 4th amateur after having the 54 - hole lead . "
positive	Woah ! What a way to kick off Monday Night Raw with Brock Lesnar !
positive	Kendrick 's verse on Black Friday just validates that he 's leaps and bounds above any other rap nigga rn . Jesus Christ
positive	" I just finished reading Paper Towns last night , and 9 is going to a sleepover tomorrow , so somehow I talked J into seeing the movie tomorrow "
neutral	" Janick Gers interviewed on the new Iron Maiden album , out Sept 4 ... HTTPURL "
negative	" @USER may Brook live under the Shariah , in Saudi Arabia 4 the rest of her miserable life . Allah Akbar ! ! Brookie girl LOL "
neutral	" East of the Sun , West of the Twilight : New Moon #SinatraAMovie "
positive	" Guise ! Let 's hang out tomorrow ! I 'll be going as Choji . If you 're cosplaying a Naruto character , let 's take pics ! ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Floyd Mayweather was at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas on Saturday night to unveil a portrait of himself after receiving the Fighter of the
positive	" 4th day of Eid ul-Fitr , all smile , all smile :) #kosongkosong courtesy photo by zeeyasmi HTTPURL "
positive	" I enjoy Kendrick for rhymes and performance . That 2nd part makes the first hazy for many , I think . "
neutral	@USER 2-1 up in the 4th with serve and 2-1 up in sets . Murray jumpy like his had a mustard enema . #USOpen
positive	" As the Big Brother season is winding down , the Curling season is about to begin ! The 1st ever World 's Mixed Championship starts in 12 days ! "
neutral	@USER what was it like walking onto the stage a performing your first show with The Vamps in April ? #AskDrew ! !
negative	Israel warns Brazil faces diplomatic downgrade unless it accepts settler in occupied west bank as ambassador HTTPURL
neutral	" Twilight Hour : The soft glowing light from the sky when the sun is below the horizon , caused by the refraction ... HTTPURL "
neutral	Thepchaiya Un-Nooh retakes THAT final black on TFI Friday with Chris Evans and Daniel Radcliffe ! #baizeofglory HTTPURL
positive	@USER haha 8th - 11th grade was strong with the Kpop . We 're always in sync lol
positive	" Watching Monday night Raw when John Cena 's song comes on ... Sasha comes booking it into the living room saying , " " Cena ! Cena ! " " "
neutral	@USER I miss you ... Let 's go out Sunday with Steph and my gay ass friend Richard . You need to meet him
neutral	Hood River Valley High School Varsity volleyball team with coach Scott Walker . First pre-season game tomorrow vs ... HTTPURL
positive	" @USER yesterday was recovery swim after a half marathon . Tonight 's yoga . Tomorrow , going to a new run club ! :) #runchat "
positive	" Been a little busy lately , just now getting to see Ant-Man . Oh and I 'm a child ! @USER West 21st St . Warren HTTPURL "
neutral	" Tony Blair will address the Foreign Press Association in Jerusalem tomorrow . After eight years in the region , what light will he shed ? "
neutral	" Brock Lesnar is wearing the exact same thing he wore the last time he went on ESPN in April . One can only conclude , he owns one blazer . "
neutral	Cate Blanchett may star in the new Thor movie IS NOTHING SACRED ANYMORE
positive	Black Friday - jcoleofficial : In case you missed it : Black Friday gift from Kendrick Lamar here . HTTPURL
positive	Mr . Freedom has scored TWO tickets to the Zac Brown Band Concert this Saturday at Hershey Park Stadium ! Just like ... HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER feels it too " " @USER watching Red Sox is like watching the Leafs from Feb on except all condensed into half an inning lol " " "
positive	" @USER i could stop by dunkin tomorrow , want anything "
positive	" Just one day left to the #EXPOCamp ! See you tomorrow 10 am , at @USER in Milan : we can't wait ! HTTPURL "
positive	#EDsummit15 is an opportunity for candidates like Carly Fiorina to flesh out education platforms for the 1st time : HTTPURL
positive	" Do n't forget to catch Thor , I mean Chris Hemsworth on Saturday Night Live tonight ! HTTPURL "
neutral	WATCH : Exclusive new clip from #Carolfilm via @USER with Cate Blanchett & Rooney Mara . HTTPURL HTTPURL
neutral	Dunkin 's hard at work prepping the track for Saturday night 's @USER supply @USER #360Nats finale ! HTTPURL
neutral	" @USER @USER May I just point out that even though DT 's tweet was horrendous , it was after Charlie Hebdo on January 7th "
positive	" Marco Carola played Paul Funkee - Mazafaka 303 @USER SMC Social Music City , Milan ( 2nd track ) Thank you , mazafaka ! Buy ... HTTPURL "
neutral	" Sunday , during the Q & A segment of the Miss USA pageant Miss Texas ( Ylianna Guerra ) made such an unapologetically ... HTTPURL "
neutral	So NHS made Xmas no 1 yet Justin Bieber is still in 2nd AND 3rd place - but X factor winner 's already out of the top 10 ? ! #timeshavechanged
positive	" listening to the black friday remix by Kendrick Lamar , it makes me think that he 's the greatest rapper right now . only straight rap . "
neutral	@USER @USER seems Iron Maiden may be on the cards as well
neutral	If this goes all the way to the 5th ... Odds lie with Murray to take the match . #usopen #SSTennis
neutral	" To be fair , Eid could be on Sept 17/18 next year . Soooo lets just hope it wo n't land on Sept 11 "
negative	May I hear the sound of democracy ? @USER @USER / @USER Saudi Arabia is about to behead teenage boy for attending a protest aged 15
negative	Also stfu you annoying Christians waking me up in a Sunday morning and shit ! No offense to the Christians
positive	" @USER Dark Souls games look fun , I may have to try them out at some point . It 's fun watching you play them . "
neutral	" Holliday just asked Pap if this was the most exciting game he 's ever been in . Uh , he ended the Red Sox 1st WS win in 86 years , so prob not .. "
neutral	" Kane may show up 4 #SummerSlam .. i think Paul Heyman hinted this on #RAW when he said " " fetch the devil ... and even god himself bla bla " " "
positive	" Tomorrow I shall do some Dark Souls , Bloodborne and Miku ! and probably stuff in between ! <3 See you then ! "
neutral	@USER maybe tomorrow there will be a new superhero on the streets . Either that Thor is really angry
positive	Short drive to work this morning with Bad Blood--Raspberry Beret--Out of Style as my soundtrack . Tuesday gonna be a good day .
positive	Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day ! Get out on the town and treat yourself to a few of Houston 's best dogs--http :/ / t.co/3MYwZvtMW5 #HotDogDay
neutral	@USER sept 24 is when views from the 6 is gonna drop so be patient at least it wo n't be as long of a wait for Frank Ocean
positive	briana should give birth on friday it would be good for album promo
neutral	@USER @USER I may not be strong enough to defend myself in the real world but I can kick your ass in Naruto
positive	" @USER in October they are releasing both The Last and Boruto in English . I love when hinata was basically like " " fuck you Naruto " " lol "
neutral	" @USER Its in Milan , so hopefully it will be there today . It was a bank holiday on Monday which may cause delay so no later than Monday "
positive	" @USER Star Wars day is May 4 Today is just the release of the new movie , duh . Bad guy is going to be Han and Leia 's kid , calling it "
negative	@USER my dads nans dead cat allegedly saw Tony Blair roasting a pheasant on his dick ... Sounds more credible then the sun ( scum )
positive	from the time i dropped off mar'i to the time i got home i blasted justin bieber & i have no shame
negative	" Okay so the White Sox suck , Rose and Kane may be sexual predators , and Cobb and Nelson are hurt before game one . Sports suck . "
neutral	@USER :p nd im on job since 3rd day of Eid :(
neutral	Did you know that ' Kris Bryant ' was Trending Topic on Monday 7 for 5 hours in Chicago ? HTTPURL #trndnl
neutral	" Bogey , bogey start for Paul Dunne . That 2nd hole could have been much worse though . Dunne is no longer the leading amateur #TheOpen "
neutral	" By the way when the album drops , I 'm fully claiming invention of " " it 's July 1st , still no new Frank Ocean album " " joke tweets the day after . "
positive	Really love that Yankees are putting a beat down on the Red Sox ! It 's only the 4th inning !
negative	@USER Why do Sky continue to emphasise the Real Madrid side of DeGea issue ? Have you joined the Man Utd haters at the Sun ?
neutral	" @USER You may have a point . ISIL may be Islamic , as the KKK are Christian . Oh , and the IRA . And Joseph Kony 's bunch . "
negative	Dustin Johnson off to a flyer yet again ! All he needs to do is stay off the coke on Saturday night .
neutral	Kris Bryant left Sunday 's game early with dizzyness after bumping his head into an opponent on a h ... - via @USER App HTTPURL
neutral	Not even a year after the Charlie Hebdo attack ( Jan 2015 ) .
neutral	Lol the first part is that tennis players last name that Niall and Liam are friends with idk the 2nd half #djokovicVbautistaagut
neutral	" @USER In loving memory of Yakub , rahul baba will mourning with naked girls on Bangkok beach ... @USER may join as well "
positive	" @USER if it makes you feel any better , I 'm going to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow "
neutral	You can listen to Kendrick when he rap about real shid ... but can't listen to august alsina when he sings bout real shid ... funny
positive	Aaron Lennon may have no end product but the run and assist against Milan in the CL is what he should be remembered for #NiceOneAzza
neutral	" Iron Maiden have premiered the video for " " Speed of Light , " " the first single from their upcoming 16th studio ... HTTPURL "
neutral	@USER you may need to put an RNS out at 7am on Monday . David has bought a franchise in Milan . HTTPURL
neutral	You may think your the biggest 5sos fan but the fact is that Niall is #DragMeDownPromo HTTPURL
negative	" I 'm going to be quietly singing " " John Cena sucks ! John Cena sucks ! " " to myself for most of tomorrow . Well done , #SummerSlam crowd . "
neutral	anyone wanna go to Jason Aldean with me Saturday ?
neutral	" The BAGRANGI new Pic , Of SALMAN khan That VERY FAMOUS IN PAK CENEMA'S at the 1st day of EID that pic , made 1.5 milion Rs Lolywood / Bolywood "
positive	It 's b / c of me . I saw Twilight the 1st weekend . Did n't see Star Wars :) HTTPURL
positive	Packing a punch : Janet Jackson released the album artwork for her upcoming eleventh album Unbreakable on Thursday HTTPURL
negative	Ex Para charged over Bloody Sunday . Now let 's see Justice for the 1400 British Service men killed by IRA
neutral	But will pay Dana White $ 500 for a ticket . You crying about $ 18 ? ? HTTPURL
positive	" Just call her Chef ! Lady Gaga gets back to her Italian roots as she shares ... : on Sat . , Lady Gaga , 29 , proudly ... HTTPURL "
positive	" @USER I am a big fan , and I would love to 1v1 you on AW on PS4 . I am on the 25th Prestige ( 10th Master Prestige ) And I am pretty skilled . "
positive	" 1st Giroud , now Kane , lol what a funny day #TOTEVE #Spurs #Everton "
neutral	How did 5h beat Bad Blood ? May the world never know
neutral	" @USER I keep remembering idea in January that Charlie Hebdo attack , a fraction of the scale of this , might be a " " game changer . " " "
neutral	" Mumbai Times India seeks enhanced economic ties with Iran : Sushma Swaraj : New Delhi , Dec 29 : Exte ... HTTPURL MumbaiTimes "
positive	" Has to be said Chris Evans TFI Friday is brilliant , great guests , brilliant bands and it always make me smile tbh "
positive	People may laugh at Kanye west . But let 's not forget Kanye is one of the smartest artist / producer .
positive	" @USER I finally saw Ant-Man on Tuesday I really enjoyed it , the movie was so good & entertaining & I enjoyed the Spider-Man reference "
neutral	I only have this radio contest and the one at 7 left after that I have no hope of seeing shawn tomorrow
negative	Well Dustin Johnson seems to have the anvil back in his bag on a Major Sunday . Dropped 20 spots on first hole . #SnowMan
positive	" New blog , nice conversations with friends ( both staying in the deepest pits of hell ) and going to see Paper Towns tomorrow . Good shit . "
neutral	@USER What 's wrong with the answer ? You may applaud Rahul Gandhi for his open farce ! I 'm happy with a PM who 's not a hypocrite !
positive	" Cherington may have been awful at free agent decisions , but he really did stack this Red Sox team with amazing youth . "
neutral	@USER @USER @USER @USER The Open - Leaderboard HTTPURL love it hope Paul Dunne is top tomorrow ?
positive	" @USER They have alot lined up , Death Note , Naruto , Ghost in the Shell and so on . I 'd blame Edge of Tomorrow , but it was actually good "
positive	I think Ice Cube may be the greatest rapper ever ...
positive	" Pinoy Big Brother celebrates it 's 10th year on air ! Happy 10 years , PBB ! #PBB10years "
neutral	Casually drops this in memory of Zayn since the 1st MV w / o him dropped yesterday #DragMeDownMusicVideo HTTPURL
negative	" Most people may hate john cena , but I think that man is hilarious on the mic @USER @USER "
neutral	I tell you what the RKO that randy orton drops tomorrow night better be the sickest thing since wrestlemania
positive	" @USER Crazy that you use Kendrick . I 'm listening to Kendrick Lamar & J . Cole 's " " Black Friday " " as I type this tweet . "
neutral	" George Harrison , Louis Armstrong and Bob Marley on the way before 8 this morning - how 's your Wednesday going ? #SmoothBreakfast "
neutral	The issues in Loving vs Virginia are similar to the issues argued in the Gay Marriage case relative to the 14th Amendment .
positive	" As part of the continued offensive operations against the Boko Haram terrorists , troops of 7 Brigade Friday ... HTTPURL "
negative	" My icon may be Seb and I may talk about Seb 24/7 , but I am just as much Chris Evans trash as I am Sebastian Stan trash "
neutral	Dustin Johnson wishes the tournament just got called by wind Saturday .
negative	" I 'm going to a Red Sox game tomorrow and Monday , why am I sad right now ? "
positive	" 2 tickets for Jason Aldean tomorrow , hmu if you want them "
positive	Selling 1 extra ticket to Zac Brown Band in Toronto tomorrow ! ! ! Mssg me if you want it :)
neutral	Wait - Go Set A Watchman is really the 1st draft of Mockingbird ? Then why is it being published as a separate novel ?
negative	if I have to read another article about how Amy Schumer is a feminist icon I 'm going to fucking toss myself into the sun
neutral	Former #UAB & amateur golfer Paul Dunne is in a 3 - way-tie for the lead at The Open Championship at - 12 going into tomorrow 's final round .
positive	so it 's Day of The Dog today + tomorrow 's National Ice Cream Day ? who made mistake of not declaring both on same day plus free cones for dogs ?
negative	" Falling sick on the 3rd day of Eid , missing out all the fun and joy of Eid #sad "
neutral	" #Mariners Tweets : As we head to the 8th inning , the #Mariners and White Sox are tied at 4 . #MLB HTTPURL "
neutral	" HTTPURL Heathrow 3rd runway life & death to residents , to George Osborne , just a big fat joke . @USER "
neutral	" Critics describe 5th Wave is going to " " do for aliens what Twilight did for vampires " " . HTTPURL "
negative	Mexico 's totally destroyed the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am to be speaking here for free !
neutral	" @USER desire is the root of all suffering . being content w / WHAT IS is the only relief . u may C there is no " " you " " .. Nirvana = Extinction "
positive	Me today = this . Glad I took a day 's leave after not getting back from Foo Fighters gig until half 3 this morning . HTTPURL
positive	3rd annual Miss USA pageant with wings night for me . #lifegoals
positive	Enjoying a relaxing day today in Milan . We start our shows at Blue Note Jazz Club tomorrow . #Gospel #Concert ... HTTPURL
positive	" Also the band at the pub is making an OK-ish job out of the Foo Fighters so my Sunday night has been wrapped up in a weird , sweet kinda way . "
negative	I am thinking these initial reviews of the new Iron Maiden album may be prone to a bit of hyperbole .
neutral	Acha Hua Yeh Eid Bhi Tanha Guzar Gai ... ! ! . . . Galay Se Lag k Rotay Agr Woh Aa Jaatay ... ! ! 3rd and the last day of Eid .
neutral	From the @USER - - Clerk in gay marriage fight back at work Friday or Monday ; office to grant licenses in her absence HTTPURL
neutral	" B4 d hood was placed on Yakub 's face , he insisted that he wanted 2 c d rising sun , which he was not allowed . "
neutral	So Naruto comes in the war this next episode then I think . Gonna have to watch this tomorrow doe .
neutral	@USER for hometown on Saturday what tube stop is GAY bar near ? And what time can we arrive at the club ?
neutral	BEACH YOGA with JEN Monday - Friday 8: 30am -9:30 am Playa Azul Come and Get your Yoga On ! ! ! HTTPURL
neutral	" Harris looks for Owens but Murray all over him , 3rd down & the Argos will gamble .. #CFL #LDC #TORvsHAM "
neutral	Briana may be pregnant just not with Louis baby
positive	@USER @USER I think that was faster win then the rousey fight on Saturday Night !
negative	" David Wright may be back , but deGrom looks really bad right now . The Mets should be taking 3 out of the next 4 ... HTTPURL "
negative	" Yup . Great quote @USER : " " He who is w / o sin cast the 1st stone . " " Racist Hulk Hogan Rant ... WWE , Gawker & U ! HTTPURL "
positive	" Tomorrow will know the nominees from ' Phoenix Film Critics Society ' , hopefuly ' TIHTY ' gets a nomination #MTVStars Lady Gaga "
positive	Just learned that Iron Maiden 's new album comes out September 4 . Same day as 5FDP ' s new album . GOD SO MUCH MUSIC IN SO LITTLE TIME
