4	thanks @USER for selling expired beer #fail @USER HTTPURL
1	just got the note 8 .. but can't send live messages through samsung messaging app .... ideas ?
2	experiencing too much heating issue with lenovo vibe k5 plus ( 3gb ram variant ) .
1	why is there no mens h + m in leeds anymore ?
4	bit extreme online safety measures by @USER today . we've had no broadband since 9am . #internetsafetyday
2	so none available today but showing ' low in stock ' on your website . why ? pointless wasted journey .
2	my nyt digital subscription account keeps logging me out when i go to read opinion pieces . any suggestions ?
1	i am unable to save my runs . please help .
1	hi after getting 4 kasseby frames this week but not available in notts store ? any idea of delivery to stores this week ?
1	after visiting your coalville branch this today it's safe to say it needs closing and a deep clean and that was just front of house
4	8 . @USER it also improperly imported my data from e * trade and kept thinking it hadn't gotten all the information needed .
1	hi m order is 913181 did you revise the money ? if you did .. how about the shipping ?
1	- booking number mjk 5ps ak http:// 6052 . booking not appear in my account . can please do me a favor how to solve it ? pic.twitter.com / gwd 3diqn0u
4	train running late by more than 4 hours . u don't care about people time . pnr - 6705392817
2	network at dadar area is pathetic 4 g works worst than 2g
1	so my new powerbeats 3 came missing an tip . will you send new ones ?
2	pathetic ! ! 2 apple slices ! ! ! #mcdonalds HTTPURL
2	how many nebraska shirts do you think you will sell with this graphic ? HTTPURL
2	my only complaint of the day is my arby's sweet tea wasn't that sweet
4	rs 25k #down the #drain . if you can't debug / support close your company ! #oneplus
4	very nice @USER was placed on a 48 minute hold just to get hung up on . great customer service . @USER
3	like three times and got left on hold every time . what's up with y'all man
3	i need to stop wearing tommy hilfiger i forgot hes a racist motherfucker
1	when did rugelach become cookies & amp ; cream pretzel @USER ? HTTPURL
1	when is the szechuan sauce coming back ? :( someone asked me to get it for christmas lol ! HTTPURL
4	wow @USER is slow ...
1	do potato based products belong in sandwiches ?
4	ridiculous service . my mother's 3g network by @USER works much better than #vodafone4g
4	hi i am using oneplus x less one year and but i am not getting any service support from as you stopped the support can you please let me know why should i choose one plus ? ? ?
2	i just got a new 2015 chrysler 200s 3 months ago and its been back in the dealership for repairs for more then 42 days .
1	i never received my companion pass card in the mail . anything i can do to get another sent ? tx !
1	team ! help ! i've tried three times to convey with your team to change my businesses ' incorrect address . what do i do ?
2	not impressed with the secret roles that code pipeline tries to create for codepipeline : startpipelineexecution ...........
1	just got home and checked my receipt and found ive been charged for one item twice . help !
4	i just got cut off by a bud light truck . aka the worlds shittiest beer . @USER
2	when will our power be back on ? ? it's getting dark over here !
1	it is not the wait - it is the mixed message about lithium batteries and fate checked bags .
2	trying to get on cod wwii not updating and when i try play it it takes me to microsoft store
2	heart rate monitor on my samsung watch is terribly inn accurate
2	ios 11.2 . 5 is absolutely ridden with bugs what is this @USER
2	why can't you end up this year with 8.0 update for moto g4plus
1	"the feedback app hub just "" flashes "" and does nothing . tried it with both ff and chrome ."
1	it's out of stock that's why i asked when it will be back in stock ?
1	when i hit their paywall @USER won't let me sign in on mobile using amazon prime . the button just doesn't work
1	please fix the platform drainage issue at audley end .
2	shame on @USER i will never lease a car from them again
1	send tokens to for 5440050658 7 i received the mpesa massage code mb41kku7rr but i haven't received the tokens
2	i ordered some perfume on the 6th nov online and the status still showing as shipped . i have not received it yet !
2	.. i see that my account was switched to aispl and all my websites are down !
1	train no 19052 all laptop / mobile changing point suplly off .
2	my beats broke after 1 month @USER @USER HTTPURL #longdistancerelationship #powerbeats3wireless
1	i want uber to do con call with the driver ( my last trip ) asap
2	hold time for customer service for people having problems with online orders is 40 minutes ? wow .....
2	why is we so much money ?
2	getting ready to drop you guys . i don \ ' t know what the issue is with our router / modem that we \ ' re leasing fr HTTPURL
1	when will #gta5online be working right ? #fixit
3	still no reply re minor ailments scheme in sussex
1	so i bought some shoes and i new they were used and dirty but in the picture they guy had uploaded the shoes looked fine and when i got them they look nothing like the picture
3	my 2nd visit to kfc chadwell heath after the last fiasco . this time they had no gravy or corn & amp ; forgot my chips #fail
1	website insists i have no internet connection when i try to log in using firefox . this tweet to you says otherwise . what's up ?
1	yes and the plane is half full at that point . easy enough to have <2 preboard and make them go to back
3	i use to be an employee and was wondering when my w2 will be here . i \ ' m only waiting on you guys . since ex - HTTPURL
2	bought these less than 4 weeks ago and they are falling apart ! #nothappy HTTPURL
1	any update on arnoldsville / lexington outage ?
4	i honestly don't believe that . you would change your ways if you were truly sorry
2	the confusion was on the part of your employee . and then i suffered the consequences .
2	i'm a huge nike fan too . a bit let down and it killed my run .
3	real disappointed in @USER leaving me high and dry . ordered some new iowa gear tues with 1 day shipping and it hasnt even shipped yet ...
1	when i run a speed test it shows i have 32mbps download . but downloading through uplay has 4mbps ? any fix for this ?
1	my moto g5s plus battery percentage decreases on charging . and sometime it jumps from 45 % to 77 % in seconds and drained from 77 % to 56 % in seconds . what might be the issue ? ? using the orginal moto turbo charger . @USER @USER @USER @USER
1	hello ? @USER @USER ? are you listening ? why isn't #dirt on the new app on fire and apple tv devices ?
2	i would like a full refund on the two items i ordered or i need my packages next day air cause this is crazy can i have a number to call to speak to someone
4	worst customer service ever . waste of time . it was supposed to be a gift to someone and now what .. ?
2	why do you only have season one of #wkrp when the whole series is now available ?
3	just paid @USER rs . 83 because the driver started the trip while 10 minutes away and could not be contacted
1	hi please i cant find a driver for video card ( nvidia geforce 8500 gt ) for mac please send me a link when i can download a driver
1	am not getting correct figures on your @USER app . iko nini ? HTTPURL
1	is working to restore an outage effecting several buildings off hwy 27 and clinic ave . waiting for service restore time info .
4	dear @USER : i've been a print subscriber for 30 years . now your website has kicked me out and customer service hung up on me .
4	so disappointed with customer service today . i used a tracking label that was incorrectly filled out by zara for a return ... ( 1/3 )
1	i have a echo & amp ; dot but one stops the other working saying you are streaming from another device ?
2	i'm done . 3 hours trying to submit my payment info and it's declined because my bank is not from us . help
3	i swear @USER has some of the worst customer service on this fucking planet
1	kindly send me tokens for account number 3716747508 8 . been waiting since 7
1	so i've re-run the troubleshooter and it says fixed but netflix still doesn't open . it goes to the logo screen and crashes .
2	great the government closed down and ebay did the same . #throttling #ebaykillinguseconomy
1	seven working days and still waiting patiently @USER
4	0/7 packages out for delivery .. including next day air for the 2nd day .. unacceptable @USER
2	having a horrible flight experience today @USER on flight 151 from paris
3	"your online eu store is not working and your "" support "" is ignoring the problem . can not submit the order ."
2	i've already tried that and it's not working unfortunately
2	your tv commercial with 2 kids and 2 monsters fighting in odyssey is so annoying . loud ! please replace with an appealing ad .
3	protip : we can't complain about people not paying for media if dealing with actual delivery / billing is misery when they do . @USER
2	is there anyone that can answer a question for me @USER
2	what in the world . major error in refund calculation in state taxes . 90 % difference ! is there a contact for an error like this ?
2	no chill @USER #beatsbydre HTTPURL
3	i would share it but @USER still has my account held hostage .
2	why not sell plain pearl couscous ? ! HTTPURL
2	service doesn't seem to be working and live chat is unavailable too . this is frustrating !
4	i just want everyone to know that @USER / @USER has the absolute worst customer service i have ever received . ever .
2	smh still working on my #email account what the freak happened definitely don't know shit is old from 01 help me #aol
1	my new password will not go through or even load on an amazon account everydayfamily . can you please fix this issue .
3	thanks for ignoring all my tweets
2	this is the last time i buy shocktop . if ingredients said floaty flavor and crusty necks i might drink it . HTTPURL
3	why does it take 57 minutes online to make a simple subscription change ? please fix the process . i was this close to canceling altogether . pic.twitter.com / j5v36dltyv
2	hi - i bought the bronzer from manchester airport last month . i can't get it to go on any of my brushes . tips ? it won't budge !
3	so ..... my adjuster was supposed to return my call within two hours . i called her at 1 . it's 430 . @USER
4	what happened still waiting . you people are morden days robbers .
3	being charged 2x month . no reply to my email sent months ago . pls cancel everything ! how ?
4	"thanks @USER for canceling my order because "" people don't normally buy shoes "" . i'm out the money / shoes and was not helped w / online chat"
1	the division just went offline the servers are down ?
3	please stop tagging my name on your products !
1	my account has been permanently banned and i haven't been on my xbox can you please help me
1	my accelerate credit card activity hasn't updated and passed 8 weeks
2	i have already contacted this number . several times . this needs to be escalated beyond your call cntr
4	how is it that every service center in the chicagoland area is completely uncommitted to customer service ? never buying a vw again .
2	i placed an order on the 5th of december have had details to say it has been dispatched and delivered however have got nothing ?
2	why on national lipstick day in 5 minute the lipsticks were go ? was there only a certain amount to be given out ?
2	why did you all get rid of the crispy avacado taco ! ? ! :'( ( ( (
1	i've been looking at return flights from tab on 6/4 / 18 flight n price given but can't select #help
1	i've reported this account multiple times and so have friends . ( @USER ) it's a fraud account copying mine . help ! !
4	messed up my oil change and now i have oil everywhere
1	i need to get in contact with someone regarding the fc.com website . i work for a major search engine . tried enquiries @ and web form
4	i am absolutely infuriated with your refund process . your website has now not allowed me to submit my request twice after i have
1	can't stream sho anytime on apple tv and ipad . what gives ?
1	no confirmation of my registration yet for big data roadshow in mumbai which is on 20th june 2017 . cc #pune
1	your online outage reporting page does not work with either chrome or safari . i won't deign to attempt ie .
2	i would suggest some basic communication with your passengers would be a good start .
1	dear @USER please bring back loaded potato cakes . i have been craving them since 2009 .
2	i called in sick today . thanks @USER
1	i know it's been a while but i need some closure ... why did you take away the #bigandtasty and the #sweetchile sauce
3	no phone service from @USER in king's lynn as somebody has farted in downham market .
1	recently i port-in vodafone . today morning one person came 4 physical address verification . i answered all questions & signed . and that person said i'll get sms of pv within 1hr . bt eod i receive sms says pv is negetive & i've 2 visit nearest
1	"where is the "" severe "" weather in houston ? HTTPURL"
3	why do my packages go clearly in the opposite direction just to come back my way ? ?
2	my order number is 3097497 35 where is my shit ?
4	how the fuck you gonna have providence friars sweatshirts but not sjsu ? ! ? !
1	i keep trying to subscribe to a print paper however keeps telling me the zipcode is out of range . even if i try a dc ones .
1	i've had two legitimate reviews removed for the same business . is there someone i can talk to about this ?
2	customer service consistent from leics 2 st pancras . always feel invisible but always get to hear about employees social lives
1	hey @USER please revisit this review . the guy said it was for the location in montgomery-completely different city . HTTPURL
2	was asked to take this further through private message and have been ignored ever since ? ! HTTPURL
4	reached down into the empty bag . and none were there ! no frys spilt out in the mcdonalds bag ! #wtf
2	window is not clear at all . nothing visible . train no 12846 . pnr no 4336219971 . pls do something .
2	i'm trying to order some sale boots for an hour now & amp ; it just buffers & amp ; my internet is fine ? help please
1	hey i have a serious issue with my account . could you help me please ?
1	hi are the save the date emails for grotto 2016 bookings going out to reward card holders today ? haven't had one yet . ta .
1	why are there two wapo apps ? @USER
1	question .. just received email about exclusive one time event for new impreza . but no information where is when ? ? ?
1	instance reboot have stopped working . retried 4 times for 2 different machines in last 30 minutes .
2	my car turns itself off while driving . i'm supposed to hear from resolution team but i've called 4 times no call back .
2	yes ! why are the apps down ? !
1	"amending the "" announcement 13 "" part of the url to any number between 1-15 also brings up the same page ."
1	tried many times to check out with the 10 % off weekend yesterday and it didn't work ! can i still place my order with 10 % off
2	why is it taking forever to get a refund on a recalled washer ? whyyyyyyyy ?
2	if you got time can u check the dms a person responded once then never responded after that ?
4	i need help . but your customer service people at sfo are so uncooperative .
2	do you not have email ? that numbers going to cost a fair bit from the uk !
1	i have sent you a dm please look into this
4	i really regret changing my internet provider from virgin media to bt . shocking connection
4	i was sent an iridescent powder from you but it has finger nail marks in it and i have literally just opened it . ? ? ?
2	cbs minn vs carolina is unwatchable bad . fox dallas vs giants if fine though . can you check your cbs feed
2	it says i need a apartment number to place a shipment but i don't have one .. this is why i don't order books .
4	in canton . smooth how you turn off your marquee sign to make people think you're closed and make people wait for all their food
2	what's going on with my ks8000 ? ? HTTPURL
3	why bother confirming you can be at my home at a specific time to meet the electrician & amp ; still not be here 2 hrs later ? #fail
1	my flight that was cancelled was qz541 booking number iif 5rf
3	one of your openreach engineers was driving his van dangerously fast through farnham town centre just now . too fast to catch reg .
2	whats with brand limits for asian sellers ( thailand ) that don't seem to apply to other countries ? ? ? ? ?
2	i've been keeping an eye out for a week ! it was supposed to be 2 days to begin with .
2	1750 peterborough - ipswich . no water in either toilet . not good enough . #gross
4	thanks @USER for having us sitting in the plane on the tarmac for six hours then delaying the flight six more hours with no place to sleep
3	i went to @USER and was mistreated #lostbuisness
3	hey arby's ! we have the beef ... i guess you keep it and don't put it on sandwiches . #nothinglikethephoto #arbys HTTPURL
2	is it almost resolved ! ! ?
4	worst customer service experience with @USER @USER @USER . never been treated with such contempt
2	bring back the old app please . still can't get in to tv control . hangs on connecting .
1	any answer on my tweet ?
2	still no 4g in leamington spa cv32 4hn .......
1	used bed sheet in nagpur cstm duronto 2nd ac coach
4	buy my lemon back ! no heat . chrysler tries to fix 5 times & amp ; still no heat & amp ; ac leaks coolant & amp ; water into car . rain floods car 2
1	don't know why they bother to offer that then
4	awful service from @USER opened door and was going to sit down as the driver decided to drive off because i was going to clapham !
4	second sunday the app stopped working because of a gateway error ... during the climax of an episode . you need more servers .
2	. @USER but what about between 5 and 9 pm ? please reconsider on your next flyer ! ! ! ! no arby's will be purchased until resolved ! ! ! 3/3
2	if i can't get my 3rd pair of @USER powerbeats to work today i'm doneski man . this is a slap in my balls . your next @USER @USER
1	hello i have a 2012 impreza and i love it . my driver seat back is broken down after 1 year and 12000 miles 32000 total 2nd owner
3	200 % price increase since august this year #greatcustomerservice
2	your bud exchange website is a joke ! !
2	i cant login to my ec2 account :/
2	why can't i add my yahoo email account to outlook ! ? ! ? i've tried everything !
3	why @USER api is spitting weird ^ m characters to my log files ? haven't seen those for ages .
4	hey @USER would you consider giving me a refund for the redundant seat you made me purchase ? HTTPURL
3	lost my business lost my business today . not sure why you don't match online prices in store ...
2	still the same after update / reboot ! wish i knew why it's not working ... it used to work a few years ago :)
2	i've been waiting for over an hour for my layaway to be found in the back . what's going on ?
1	hi there i verified my email account yesterday to claim my business but it's still not listed nor can i log in ? many thanks
1	hi my one plus 5t . battery s getting drained fast . 6 to 7 hours if i use the phone . kindly give a solution . @USER
4	your gate agent at h16 for ord / den tonight was awful . no compassion . lots of us running b / c your flight late . not our fault ! ! ! !
1	bought this lamp and set it up . turns out the on and off switch isn't working :( please assist @USER HTTPURL
1	i'd like to cancel my order but it's not letting me contact your call centre . can you please help me ? ?
1	need to know when @USER will have an android app so i can shop from my phone not everyone is ios
4	#google chrome . been sending lots of destructive stuff to my laptop .. spying on me . advised not to use it .. not picked up by #norton either
1	the store had closed by the time i received it .
3	how do i chase you up - sent a missing points form but have not heard from you and no option to follow up from the email ! !
1	when is hd netflix coming to the tab 4 10 plus ? it's currently throttled at 540p despite being widevine l1 capable .
4	i had purchased a product from your website and immediately cancelled it after paying because i ordered it from amazon but it's been over 20 + days i haven't got my money back . and i am not getting any reply from you v
1	customer care number is invalid
1	hp deskjet 3630 series : online connectivity error ... nothing seems to help or work #hppsdr #ijkhelp
3	thanks for sending my christmas present with the security protection still on it ! pic.twitter.com / ii0duxouu2
3	got in a car accident in september & im still waiting for my coins @USER @USER #imwaiting
3	where does staff stirring krushems with the straw by hand come into food hygiene
1	hey @USER . any reason my power suddenly went out in brookhaven ? it looks like it's just effecting 7 houses . eta on a fix ?
4	my package was supposed to be here between 1pm & amp ; 5pm and i still have yet to receive it ... where is it and where are you ? @USER
1	got the new iphone 8 29th of sept ... a week later they relaese a new phone ... and now giving beats to everyone who gets them ? joke that ! @USER
1	i understand the why . but the fact is i can have a book shipped overnight cheaper than picking it up in your store
1	what is this ? HTTPURL
2	it's too late for that . :( thought i could use federal refund towards state but guess not . not pleased .
2	but the bathroom is still not working ! !
2	is there a point at which some compensation is given ? we are now more than 3 hours delayed :(
2	iphone battery sucks 11.2 . 1 @USER
3	your flex 2 is shit . never tracks a swim .
4	i just got charged $ 37 for my state filing when you said it was free before 3/16 . wtf i want a refund . super shady .
2	what type of service is this @USER HTTPURL
2	kiosks out @USER @USER :(
4	thanks @USER for your fantastic car seizing up while driving causing me to spin out and almost die .
1	this is 4g speed HTTPURL
1	i want to change my tax code and not is possible webchat
2	i placed an order on 26th and it still has not been dispatched ?
2	two occasions now i've bought food to take home for the family and find items i've paid for not be in the bags ! ..
2	man in store swapped the phone case i took to the til for a very scratched one . really disappointing and no response so far .
1	i just buy r6 points on playstation store but i didn't receive it in the game . rainbow six siege
2	yo @USER your headphones went out on me after 2 weeks of usage .. what's up with that ?
3	booked my reso in jan as a platinum with econ comf . you bumped me in a lower class and seat ?
1	broadband gone off again
4	#comcast why are you not on the same page as the cable installers ? ! u guys driving me nuts ! @USER
4	thank you @USER for not delivering my orders because @USER refusing to do there job by doing that #worstcarier #dubai
3	wow still no response . really shocking ...
4	was supposed to depart from norman manley airport in kingston jamaica at 10:56 am but of course @USER is delayed . #unacceptable @USER !
1	how does this happen ? pic.twitter.com / 6sm9aowdpj
1	is there an outage in buffalo 14220 ? been seeing code 771 for last two hours .
2	it's been 11 days since cancellation of my ticket but still no refund . even complaining to irctc is not helping . @USER
3	dishwasher repair service has failed after 3 site visits and 2 wrong parts . 0800 repair has now closed the job rather than order required part and told us to call ikea to open job again . back to square one ! broken since sept . very disappoin
3	why has the driver of the 0015 from liverpool street to southend given no reason for the train crawling beyond ilford ?
4	what in your right mind possessed you to replace the # 2 on the menu ?
2	could electronics support please do or email me the steps to get the app to register my ipad with my dvr ? chat feature never loads !
1	i want to downgrade my ios from 11.2 . 1 to ios 10 please help @USER after ios 11 battery has started to drain at lightening speed .
4	nordstrom is forever letting me down .
1	can you please tell me why you are not accepting scottish currency in england ?
4	omg ! @USER first trip to the new kfc near asda havant drive thru had a missing piece from the wicked variety bucket ... this time four missing pieces . disgusting ! ! ! only just started using kfc again after finding a hair in my chicken 3 years ago
3	that feeling when you order @USER & amp ; get the confirmation that your pizza has left the store ... 40 min after the estimated delivery time .
2	i don't know what's going on with bt but this internet service at the moment is fucking terrible .
1	can you dm me for why my order got canceled ? thanks
1	when will u guys fix the jager glitch
4	i'm canceling my @USER account because @USER broke my @USER ear piece and refuse to fulfill its warranty
4	how come your leeds train station outlet won't accept free fries friday offer ?
2	i am white supremacist . that word offends my people
1	anyone else getting really slow performance from efs in us-east - 1 ? #aws #efs #needsomehelp
3	what's up with not everyone getting $ 10 off @USER for #tmobiletuesdays
3	yikes ! a 25 minute wait time when calling #nordstrom customer service !
3	i have messaged u thanks ! you and paypal are the same company and they wont help either ! :/
1	done all of that . it was working last week
3	i'm seriously going to cancel my subscription if you don't fix this HTTPURL
2	that's the worst mtn dew ever
4	no eggs on my breakfast sandwich nice @USER you can never get the order right
1	[ catridge failure not even used much ] #hpoj5740 #cartridgefailure #hpaioi
2	plane in #atlanta has been on the tarmac for an hour . is this typical ? what's the delay ?
3	requested a return but courier never appeared . you're not answering the phone . what should i do ?
2	* screams into the void as indesign crashes * HTTPURL
2	i figured it out myself . but my new s8 is the worst phone i have had .
1	having problems on your site . just spoke to my bank @USER and they say no issues their side ? ? HTTPURL
4	who do i complain too pls ? just been to one of your midland outlets and a member of staff chucked me threw the window ... #assault
1	i have no water and the bill is current and paid . can you do something about this ?
1	hey chrysler cares i'm the one with the 2011 200 need help with the heating . inside the car it's really strange
1	my adobe plan includes lightroom cc and classic . interchangeable ? must i apply updates to both ? very unclear since announced .
2	i applied for a job at a local store and nobody has gotten back to me on anything . can you guys look into it ?
4	you overcharged me $ 150 for a service i did not authorize and then make me wait on hold 20 min to rectify . salt in wound .
2	totally not cool .
3	on hold with @USER an hour just to get told to call back another day . hell yeah
2	have sent two support requests and still no response .
1	i'm using aol gold . i cannot indent a line of type in my email ( i used to be able to do that ) . why ?
2	found my order yet ? ? ?
2	and i have 4g ! ! ! bloody not great when your trying to arrange interviews with employees
2	think someone at @USER had been drinking the stuff before they put the label on #qualitycontroldayoff HTTPURL
3	i'm done with you guys ... the up sells throughout the process is out of control . why are there 4 editions ?
1	hello my pc ( windows 8.1 ) wont get past the lenovo boot logo . any suggestions ? @USER @USER @USER @USER
3	the new @USER stinks ... 10mins to take my order and another 15 to get it . and stop asking my name like we're friends HTTPURL
2	somebody stole my amazon package off my porch yesterday :/
3	can i complain to you about the coffee i just received ?
3	2 of your employees deliver opened empty package . very suspicious . anyone else have this type of problem with @USER deliveries .
1	why do my drl's keep going out ? @USER
1	travelling in the local train in chennai from tambaram to beach . fans are switched off completely . pls take action .
3	this account is cyber bullying me
1	anyone on #iphonex have a weird line on the top of their @USER app ? @USER HTTPURL
2	is the worst ...
3	has now sent me to 3 different departments and still not helping me with my billing issue . great service ! ! !
1	hi how come channel 3 is missing ?
1	fwiw the unit on the sudbury line sounds very sick doubt it'll last much longer .
2	again @USER ? i was up for whatever . except this HTTPURL
1	i have a problem and need help with a refund . support site kept putting me in a loop with ' contact us ' pls advise ...
2	recommended postage cost double on the item i sold ! customer services not helpful at all #nothappy
2	then why is the train going back ! what is the plan for my onward journey
3	bullring . heard of customer service ? you left a tag on my coat . go to get it removed and i'm treated like a criminal . #nogoodwill
1	was using my new laser level and the drywall pin broke off . advice ? HTTPURL
2	#chrysler #dodge i'm on the side of the road again ! i'm really tired of this issue
4	hello sir ... i am a user of ur laptop with serial number wb15327113 and getting horrible service from ur team as i have visited ur service center more than 5 times and every time there is a new dead line been given to me and still my problem
2	did the 50 bus stop running ? ! ?
2	"tried to buy this today . above the rack said 40 % off apparel . was told hats are not considered "" apparel "" HTTPURL"
3	what up with the poor customer service on the phone . refusing to transfer calls to a higher up .
2	why is my sales associate so distracted to help other customers when i am trying to purchase things and get out ?
2	when will @USER @USER @USER ll bring support for @USER volte . waiting for the software update along with december security patches !
4	very disappointed in your bathrooms .
3	"riddle me this : friend won several auctions from the same seller that were described as "" like new "" . seller immediately cancels her orders saying the items are "" damaged "" and then blocks her from being able to bid in the future . this seems pretty shad"
4	why is it so hard to cancel or start a subscription ? i now have three dormant accounts that you will not allow me to delete
4	honda won't do anything about water leaking in brand new car . frustrated ! @USER @USER
3	whyyyy is your wifi so slow @USER ?
1	any updates please
1	the fast charging is not working that is the problem .
1	alta not displaying when tapping . fully charged displays when on charger . any suggestions ? @USER
1	hi hmrc . i've uploaded to facebook . yet to receive a response . can you confirm that you're reviewing them please .
1	": not able to select purchase date of beats ep on apple's warranty website . it says "" try again "" . what's the fix ."
4	what complete a-holes you guys were during this debacle .
1	we've had a new ' 17 impreza for about 7 weeks . our avg mpg is way below what is advertised . what do we do ?
1	no trains to manchester - i have an operation and have to get to stockport . could i use my ticket to leeds from kings cross ?
4	thanks @USER @USER for charging my @USER card when your drivers cancel my ride . thank you for charging me twice @USER
3	is this legit ? seats sliding on white rails doesn't seem safe . 2014 honda odyssey @USER @USER HTTPURL
2	i bought a 1080 from best buy and didn't get any code for destiny 2 . anything i can do ?
4	8 powet outs in one year . you have a systemic issue on talahi is . get it fixed . i will tweet each day until i hear from you .
1	"my aol ( formerly verizon ) account "" unable to authorize "" but my wife's works fine ?"
4	thank you so much for making a box that shreds apart even when carried by both handles . #nogood #parkinglotfail pic.twitter.com / vs6tpjdzsh
4	i don't know how @USER still only has the dvr capabilities of 1997 .
1	hey @USER @USER is mobile dvr out of home not working ? mine abruptly quit working 2 days ago
1	placed an order online two days ago for delivery today paid for . still no tracking number or details of delivery
2	still waiting for help on this urgent matter !
2	brand new dishwasher doesn't work . runaround from @USER tried calling @USER on hold 4 20 min . help ! !
2	ordered a pizza last night ...... still waiting and still got charged #12hourslater HTTPURL
4	#return all @USER products @USER can't even fix them
1	where is nougat update for moto g4 play ?
3	just bought these @USER launch 2s 1 month ago from @USER & amp ; they already have a hole ! 1 month ! ? ! #nothappy HTTPURL
4	dear @USER naming multiple models of front loading wagers duet makes it impossible to find the right manual & amp ; help online .
4	ba lost our suitcases yesterday . they still didnt arrive . you've ruined our first day of holidays . how do you compensate ?
2	photo printing quality suck why ? ? m277dw #hppsdr #ljhelp
3	rather than escalating to each other do something fruitful . is not even 4 days the product was delivered to me
4	surprised and embarrassed by impolite service @USER ebar merrick park .
3	hey @USER is it good customer service to inconvenience houston flood victims ? like does car really look usable ? HTTPURL
4	they suck . @USER is the worst . ever .
1	beats 2 wireless no longer charging or working
2	goes to mcdonalds orders a cheeseburger gets the cheeseburger bites into cheeseburger there is no meat on said cheeseburger
4	what a waste of space @USER are . 16 minutes to get on a live chat and nowhere near a response . pitiful
2	website is maddeningly slow . chat won't load . can't authorize new debit card . had to retype things a number of times . cmon
2	on rosneath arial having good upload and download speeds but terrible latency 200ms . why is this .
2	"you should have someone look at your e-mail marketing .. second time a promo has come through "" clipped """
3	he's racist @USER i h8 u
1	could you please get in touch in regards to massive issues with bt at my business address
2	no response yet multiple people have complained about the same exact thing .
1	anyone know what's up with the geforce 500 series 580 gpx driver 275.33
2	cancellation attempts exceeded ? ! ? but then no rides nearby ! wow just wow !
1	text message alert sound no existent on note 5 . common problem .
2	what the hell is going on ?
1	hi and help ! all of my emails have disappeared from desktop and remote devices duffydld is the screen name
2	just got home with my kfc and it's all pink :( who / where can i send a complaint to ? this is not the first time it's happened
4	i love waiting at mcdonalds for 15 minutes just for some semi-good ice cream HTTPURL
1	yes i've done all of these steps and still not working ! ! #help
1	i keep getting this error 8083201 c when i try to sync my game data can you please help
2	the 8: 33 am 42 bus never came to 10th & amp ; walnut
1	the stitching on my @USER jacket is coming apart . can you fix it ? i'm scared to take it to the cleaners
1	account 14272658163 south b . we're off . what's going on ?
4	i love boots ! shame you're introducing a man tax of 7 % in 2018 : (
4	shouldn't the item be removed until the full payment is received ? that is common sense and amazon never do that !
2	hi i purchased something on the 19th december and it was shipped on the 21st and it has still not yet arrived ?
2	and now 2751 is 10 minutes late ?
3	you have dumb staff
4	your arrive is terrible streaming is stop and start every couple mins . get it together it's xmas
1	my maps no longer can get me through boston - what do i need to do to update this ?
1	hi . can you please expedite this process . i cannot proceed with check in . HTTPURL
2	is vm down in cv37 area ? had nonexistent wifi today
1	still not on tsa pre check . why ?
2	expired beer that we bought today ? whuuuut ? @USER #budlight #budweiser #dammit HTTPURL
1	signed up to nyt subscription on a special offer at sxsw ( delayed start ) but i don't think it ever started ... how can i check ?
3	went to @USER to buy a @USER shirt as a gift . asked for a burberry box or bag and they told me to go to the burberry store on newbury st . they would be able to give it me with no problem .
2	it's now 24th jan and i note that this still hasn't been resolved . no connection today either . what's the story now ?
2	you suck .
1	how long will this issue be ?
4	in ny is the most unorganized company with no respect for their customer's time . #badbusiness
1	my bad i got android 8.0 so what's new with this version ?
3	worst customer service to-date @USER in greensboro off wendover . avoid this place and let's show them we have other choices . #otherchoices
2	i have received a parcel and the packing is very poor and an item is missing pic.twitter.com / wfrjmawwoa
1	i have two folders that i have shared . recipients receive locked images . unable to unlock . how do i stop this from happening ?
3	why is your site permanently out of stock on the nyx honey dew me up primer ?
1	hey @USER your report button no worky .
4	you jave the worst customer service ! ! ! #pissed #useless #worstbrand
2	love your service but have to say the voice from your toilets are very creepy and a bit disturbing
4	can you confirm the status of an order for me - seems to have gone missing : w2180436 dhl never delivered and don't have it at their collection point .
2	how is it that a pre-order actually takes longer to get than if i were to just go to the store the day of the release to buy it ? ? ?
4	bruh we all know companys like you fuck with our computers so we renew the alleged security you provide . dont bullshit me man
3	thx for sending me a ripped dress & amp ; doing nothing to replace it #needlessmarkup #shouldagonetonordstrom
1	sent an email regarding an item which arrived damaged and i haven't had a reply . i require a replacement asap
4	made me spend $ 1500 to have them fix a problem and they didn't get it fixed and they have the nerve to tell me it's normal . frustrating
3	tryihg to figure out how asking your customers to be open from 8am to midnight . with no time frame whatsoever is ok @USER
1	thanks @USER HTTPURL
3	"please help me understand why you nearly double my rate then 3 weeks later when we have an accident tell me i "" might not be covered """
3	could not return my purchase since cc machine was not working yet buying was not a problem . mistreated 100 %
3	i have been on hold for 32 minutes after asking a question . did you guys forget about me ?
1	any ideas on this ? still at euston .
3	why are all the new @USER apps so bad . i have 2 fire tvs and both have constant errors and even if you get in the layout is ridiculous .
2	stuck going nowhere on warminster line ! what gives ? ? ? #sixers
2	still waiting on tax return since 4th june . complaints department was supposed to solve it and still waiting for 3 weeks .
2	till service in liverpool store is shocking
1	why is the 0654 ipswich to cambridge shown as delayed ? couldn't see anything in journey check . pic.twitter.com / glstylgatn
3	what the hell is a dm 5-10 days to get money back bank account now overdrawn thanks guys
1	when i try to recover my password i get this message you do not have any account recovery options for resetting your password . i need to gain access so i can recover my yahoo account
1	why won't the printer drivers install on my win 10 pc ? #hppsdr #ijkhelp
2	talked for hour couple of times with higher team and sent mail to dkumar 11 . item should have been dispatched on the same day
1	hey @USER @USER locked out of my acct . been on hold for 30 mins to recover / reset passwrd . help needed now !
1	i noticed my phone was low on storage space and yelp app was taking up 1gb . after deleting and reinstalling it went to 56mb .
1	have vaca stop hat resumes 12/31 . website wont change to resume 1/1 . help
1	thanks for the pasta sauce @USER HTTPURL
1	hi will this christmas jumper be coming back in stock that you know of ? HTTPURL
3	thanks for sending the wrong shirt ...... pic.twitter.com / infmtil 4zc
1	hi i returned an item last week . can i get a status on refund ?
3	you gave me a fake email for your cargo line ( bawc . retailteamleaders @USER . com ) when i called in . #shady
1	when the oneplus 5 gets stable oreo update . for beta users please release stable #oreo @USER @USER @USER @USER
3	hey @USER my account seems to have disappeared on your website . what's happened ?
2	is your online check-in down or is it just not letting me check in ? this is stressing me out
4	just ruined my kids christmas by canceling my order . so long ping pong table . #fixthisdicks
3	hey i was wondering if you were getting any more gold samantha sequin dresses in ? desperate for one !
3	you have requested more instances ( 1 ) than your current instance limit of 0 allows for the specified instance type ... every time
1	hi i've bought a second hand ps4 and can't sign in the network say banned or suspended code ws -37338-4
1	guess there are so many people checking for updates that it takes so long ... @USER @USER HTTPURL
4	there was a piece of glass in one of your 16oz cans . it just sliced my mouth open . HTTPURL
2	not asking for full refund just reg ship vs express ship i paid for b / c delivered day 6 instead of day 3 . ups said no ! unfair !
4	not exactly thrilled with this inadequate offer @USER made me for my claim . it's like i have to pay bill and they got the tip . #cheapdate
1	there's no mention of casting on that page .
2	well shoot . barnes and noble won't even price match themselves . hello 1990s . no wonder brick n mortar is faiiiiiiling . @USER
1	still cant connect to r6 siege on pc . eastern us .
1	i heard about recall on honda accord 2013-2016 . what are the steps to fix this problem ? i have 2015 models sports .
2	waiting for over 2 hours now for chat agent for depot repair update . almost 2 hours on hold for phone
1	[ ask your question here ] #hpcpaus camera on laptop not working since a software update
2	don't think i'm ungrateful at the offer of free hbo + cinemax for a month but i shouldn't have to cancel else be charged #shady
2	. @USER why are you doing this HTTPURL
4	why every time i go to @USER easton they never have their juice bar up . i'm so irritated at y'all . stop wasting my time .
4	what a joke of a company 2 wks for a electronics to come to my house . i am looking for another source for my tv .
1	oh no @USER my fav jeans have a design defect and are now broken . what shall i do .. ? HTTPURL
2	unhappy with the media volume of new g5s plus phone . didn't expect from moto phones
1	it was . co . uk and no reason given . see attached email . HTTPURL
2	i've checked that page and none of the have the correct solution . i need your help asap ! it's getting on my nerves !
2	i just had 2 beers in an 18 pack half full and still carbonated . #nothappy
2	i'll spread this word to everyone in my family and friends to not to buy your products . #worstaftersales
1	anybody know what this #adobe error means ? holding up my aaf export today . #postchat @USER HTTPURL
1	i have a mother question my car fairly new and breaks making a noise rear one and as well smoke smell comes out /:
1	hi no didn't come on for most the night so called in the store the next day thanks
1	"why are lengthy text msgs now being broken down into multiple texts instead of "" multimedia messages "" = 1 text ? ? ?"
2	not what i want to see after updating the software on my ipad ! ! !
1	you guys know there is a #blackout in #lynn #massachusetts is it affecting other cities as well ?
1	my hp 520-1030 a wifi wont connect to any network for some reason even if the network has no password #hpcpaus
2	where is the wash . post crossword puzzle for 12 -18-15 ? ? ? ? ? ?
4	hey @USER your link to cancel my subscription isn't working and nobody is answering the chat . please don't play that kind of stupid game .
2	what about those who are stranded waiting for their connections ? how will you handle getting them to their destinations ?
4	contacting on behalf of a client ; their site has been down for 24 + hours but no response from aws support !
2	so what do i need to do to contact customer care for inyt . totally stumped and i've been trying very hard . :-(
2	total microwave fail ! all the buttons are peeling up . just bought it a few months ago #fail
4	i'm recieving terrible home delivery service from you . my paper never gets to me ! #help
2	expired mustard ? ? peanut butter cracked & amp ; open ? really ? HTTPURL
3	i have been waiting for a week now . @USER doesn't seems to care about indian customers .
2	i have no idea where my @USER order is and their customer service is frustrating to say the least HTTPURL
1	i am getting server errors when i try to activate a device . plz help
1	yes but was cut off . can someone come out ?
1	[ type issue here ] #hpenphoto7800 #hpaioi new printer calibration stuck at 0 % and will not allow shutdown . photo printing works ?
4	your website and customer is terrible . lost my package and locked out my acct . rep said 4 hrs for a pin # to be sent . what bs
3	i think your cyber monday 25 % off is broken . it's not showing up in my cart . or you are lying . i just want a cheap set of weights .
3	super stoked i spent money to get @USER just to have the battery go dead within 4 months of use .
4	hey you deliver my stuff today and it's broken ! ! what can i do ? HTTPURL
1	was dave made a maze added yet ? i can't find it on @USER
2	wasnt helpful plz dm me
3	great i'm going to miss the christmas event because of this error ( ce -30005-8 ) @USER @USER & @USER pic.twitter.com / eelx 0araso
4	you are the worst airline ever ! i wish i could cancel and re-book with @USER ! you are making my vacation plans horrific .
3	about to lose my business 5ever
2	i have a problem with 85 % of my packages delivered by @USER & amp ; it is so frustrating
3	why is my 3 day select package not being delivered for 2nd day in a row
2	adobe sign in error message when using google account ... now what ?
1	nope . no power to get the jetway to the plane
1	i've messaged you and no reply
1	i'm having a rather large issue . please help .
1	i understand that you will not be making the accord coupe for 2018 . now i have to find another brand . so sorry .
2	i m regreting to purchase g5s plus moto .
1	edge 2-1580 model 80qf . just did windows update now the wireless won't work . any idea or suggestion ?
4	at fisherman's wharf on n point street . boo to you for charging me extra for my 17 yr old son - he is not an adult !
2	fancied a @USER & amp ; boy do i regret it . absolutely piss poor . the only redeeming factor is the gravy . #notworthit #disappointed
1	i just received my bpact 12h air conditioner . package contains three parts that were broken when i opened . can you supply new ones ? pic.twitter.com / rteorzypdb
3	some unauthorized work done on my engine now throwing a check engine light about a week later . very upset .
3	policy to change a flight is ridiculous
1	having prob with my fitbit . it shows only half charged or half up grading and nothing else . what can i do ?
4	my driver on saturday was doing 52mph in a 20mph zone . i was terrified . how can you allow this ? ?
2	any known issues with the showtime anytime app for xbox 360 ? not working for me at the moment !
1	my messages to you are getting flagged and not being delivered . what's up ?
2	"we're "" homeless "" in ma waiting on ng to install our electricity ! waiting on pre-checks ! ! work request 2164301 7 help please !"
2	why is every location i go to out of the buttermilk tenders ?
4	i don't know how many times someone needs to tell you i want to unsubscribe from all emails yet every morning i have to go back and say no . today was day 5 . stop emailing me
3	why is it that @USER never gets the drink out for any form of its app ordering ? never ... not once
2	i understand stuff happens . no communication is something that should never happen .
2	waited all year to get a mcrib and the one i got was dry and with hardly any sauce / condiments on it . pretty disappointed !
3	impossible to order on fr website ? ? electronicsnical issues ? many tries with different debit card ... tks HTTPURL
2	please reply my dm asap ! ! !
4	your products really stuck how come the manual doors not match the template wmh 32529fz0
2	got an email saying small appliances would contact me or i can call them . i called and the case #wasn't valid . this is absurd .
1	my oneplus 3t stuck everytime i unlocked my phone ... need soultion
3	had to stop using the @USER news app because it won't take my subscription password . oh well .
1	reached out to the help desk and still got nothing . please let me know if you could assist . thank you very much .
2	- congratulations . you have reached popular status and the spamming has begun . HTTPURL
1	i have a 2004 cr-v and i hear a clunking under the car when i go over bumps . any idea what this is ? mechanic can't find it .
1	still can't claim my business .... what's going on ? add contact number 01786396236
3	your customer service is terrible ! i paid my last bill and closed my account 2 months ago
4	when a @USER checkin agent has it out for you and places your whole family on a extra security line ... feels like a @USER move
4	dear @USER what kind of stuff is this ? ? what the heck are you doing with my account ? ? ? HTTPURL
1	i'm unable to use your account @USER how'd you help me ?
2	i have been stuck in one place in this arby's drive through for 20 minutes . there is no way out . ama .
4	when u send packages u should really put them in a box so you don't ruin a kids x-mas morning 25 days early ! HTTPURL
3	when your fit bit band is broken but you got things to do and steps to take . HTTPURL
2	please take care of these soon ! ! ! trees with a dangerous lean to the line HTTPURL
3	hey @USER your shirt looks really nice but this band on the inside cuff ( and in the neck ) is super scratchy ! ! HTTPURL
2	need old school tommy tops and jumpers where can you get them from these days . #90sclobber
2	i cant bc of security reasons . i dont think im ever using your company again .
4	deceiving for parents who try to find something out about a school . makes your site worthless ! ! !
3	why do you offer a subscription $ 1 / wk then when i click to order it's $ 1.50 / wk ?
1	can't get printer back on line #hppsdr #ijkhelp
1	i made multiple unsuccessful attempts to buy iphone online monday . please provide me contact info to resolve this issue
4	i have raised chat issue on forum couple of days back have not got any reply can some one please help me
2	restock white jimmy butler jersey in medium sizes its been like 3 months ! ! @USER
1	uhm @USER web's been crashing every time i try to purchase tickets ...
2	i haven't seen the route 105 to radnor leaving 69th a 7:20 . it's now 7:22 .
1	i can't shop online .... your website doesn't load . help ! #harrodsmoment
2	disconnected the router and ps4 doesn't help ! ! ! ! i'm still waiting for your reply ! ! !
4	just had a job interview at @USER which was so bad that i'm legit going to contact a labor lawyer . @USER @USER @USER
2	when you did a complete windows reset on your @USER laptop and it still bluescreens with unexpected_store_exception ...
1	the number is incomplete
2	this is what is being said all the time send engineer out 3 times and have the same problems
3	what is your policy on false advertising regarding sale items ? i was refused a sale in westfield due to a company error on pricing
4	extremely poor customer service for online pick at store @USER #lebanonnh . takes the fun outta shopping ! why bother ? ? ?
4	why buy from samsung when they can't even deliver $ 100 google play credit they promised . smh
4	why does your shipping promises suck ?
2	are you kidding me ? #buschleague #designflaw #recall HTTPURL
3	ripoff company scammed out of $ 40 on the nordstrom card . customer care told me too bad
2	four days is not as quickly as possible .
1	could i ask why the area in front of bic station was not gritted withh all the snow .
2	how do i get a reply from someone at your useless company ? ? ! !
2	sadly not by ba had to buy new emirates tickets . eventually left lhr 36 hrs late via dubai . still no luggage . payout please
1	i think you should send me a replacement key !
1	heeeeey i never got the free tshirt i ordered and was wondering who i could speak to about that
1	unfortunately it was my first marathon so my pace was all over the place ... just need an assurance that this error won't recur
3	is scamming people on @USER / @USER . be warned ! HTTPURL
2	3/3 is book another service time . ' highly unimpressed with build quality . unimpressed with cust . service experience .
2	my @USER book finally came in but for whatever reason @USER sent me 2 copies when i only needed one
3	again with their crappy customer service ! make u wait on hold for hours then ask for u to call back later . what ? ! ! ughhhhh
3	hope your reply comes faster unlike my mobile ( mail sent ) @USER @USER #modaymotivation #still_saynotomoto
4	- really ? a massive box for 1 neck tie ? are you out of boxes ? #weirdcybermonday HTTPURL
2	all let me down today !
2	i placed my order 6 days ago and it is still in the preparing process . i see that a store 30 minutes away has one on display ? why
2	still not received my luggage from redirected flight on sunday . is santa bringing it or should i expect it before then ? ?
1	iheart radio app doesn't work . have opened 2 different tickets both were closed without being fixed .
4	couldn't be more useless ! @USER what you sayin ' ? ?
2	opened my case and was sad one of my beers died HTTPURL
2	please just give me my money back .
3	again no reply . i hope someone is working on it . HTTPURL
3	i really hate the fact that the @USER isn't selling the #kembawalker all-star jersey online . or even the shooting shirt . why ? @USER
4	has the most pathetic cust service in india . they haven't sorted a simple issue of replacing a sub stndrd bag for 20 months
2	staff have to be approved to have tea in the georgian ? have been bringing family and friends for years ! felt very awkward
3	hey @USER why do you want permission to change my profile ? that doesn't sound right .
2	no questions ... it's just pricey
1	excuse me @USER but how come there's no @USER all star merchandise ? i really wanted to get a jersey
1	hi i am getting following error code whilst trying set as home console HTTPURL
4	so mad that my @USER flex died in under 2 days ! need to try restarting but this battery better still be good ; only have had it a year .
4	how is it you don't have any way to email claims ? businesses reporting claims against your clients can only fax because the e-upload never works . you need a claims email address .
2	hi i have requested many times for a replacement card to be sent and still not received anything .
1	is all ok with email as i have been advised that someone received ' email address does not exist ' when trying to email me
1	why booking page for retiring room is not opening . always shows your session expired . resolve the issue . HTTPURL
4	wow . 2.5 hours since we ordered our pizza for a work function . it's only 4 pizzas ! from now on we get @USER
1	if you cared to go through the thread of emails you will realize that i was not sorted
3	trying to get someone @USER to answer the phone is impossible . the customer service line just cuts you off !
1	when will these tartan trouser be in the uk ? i need them HTTPURL
1	my phone tends to vibrate when i unlock it sometimes for no reason ... please help
2	could someone please explain why my original battery w / 100 mo warranty isn't covered when it dies after less than 4 years ?
1	hey i cant log into the website on my computer but it worked fine on my phone last night . what do i do ?
3	#disappointed in how @USER / @USER #galaxy #note8 is #fragile = t #new & amp ; #broken ! =( #hankrizy @USER @USER #nyc
1	is geforce now currently down for maintenance ? have been unable to start any game for 2 + hrs on mac os client . found other posts on geforce now forums with same issue .
1	hey any update on the porzingis authentic road jersey sitch @USER @USER
1	hi when the brusali 4 chest of drawers white will be in stock in milton keynes ? thanks
4	is this how you fix the exhaust of your @USER in #belarus ? HTTPURL
4	please stop the verification system on my acct . if you cannot do so i will cancel my act .
1	but here is what it says on the nikefuel tab ( zero nikefuel ) . HTTPURL
1	i have an issue with ps4 remote play . it won't get past ' checking for updates ' .
4	not good enough @USER trying to book a hotel and got cut off twice . got back through and told price no longer available . very disappointed
1	after updates my kodak camera is no longer recognized . pixpro fz151 . online store to update .
3	eden prairie . it wasn't busy so there really wasn't an excuse to be dirty & amp ; not being able to find a clean table .
1	will you be getting the wendy cotton v neck dress in pavlova back in stock on the site ?
4	could you please tell your business team to stop hassling us ? they have been relentless over the last few weeks .
4	why the hell is @USER still not available to preorder on the @USER @USER store ? wtf .
1	you'll have to explain where my bundles go to coz i'm constantly offline ....
3	dear sir when this train will run on time . 7hr late and still continue . HTTPURL
1	i need a phone number or an email address to receive assistance about a product . thank you ! sent 2 emails but i did not receive any notifications back
1	power outage in kasarani watano apartments since last night ... what could be the problem ?
2	horrified over the 135 % price hike for the xword app . will not be renewing at that price for an app with half the functionality .
2	"used tt for over 10 yrs ; not impressed w / 2016 . "" interview "" felt less thorough and not at all sure we got all of our deductions ."
2	i love you but when sending me flight changes please don't use military time #ignoranceisbliss
2	aaaahhhhhh there is nothing more infuriating than the @USER website - why do i do this to myself ? !
4	hello still no response what a low grade company and service realy it's slow then tortoise
2	no email today :( checked spam and everything ... i normally get all my best buy emails fine .
1	web & amp ; app software sync ? set default message for invoice on web but it doesn't sync to app . always deleting default text in app
3	my brand new @USER airplane to baltimore squeaked like a styrofoam take out container in the back of a 1982 datsun . #needdrinks
3	$ 6 coupon for @USER getting just cheese and they want to add $ 2.99 for nothing . so annoying ! ! ! #ripoff HTTPURL
2	again a huge bill shock despite all the earlier conversations and emails .. pls help
2	not a single cart available ? pathetic . HTTPURL
2	scrolling in ios app becomes very laggy / stutters on ~ 3rd article . making the app very unpleasant - any fixes coming ?
3	3 unanswered emails & amp ; 1 phone call to you . i still haven't received a paper since the end of may . what is the problem ? !
2	very disappointed in @USER for no crossword today - what gives ?
4	so you bump the prices up . how's that fair
1	are paper coupons not able to be used online ? !
4	the lady running the ipad @USER in the @USER section was so rude and unhelpful . she's needs customer service lessons .
4	horrible customer service ! @USER
2	went to buy my girls some @USER gear . seriously @USER ? ? HTTPURL
2	xbox one its not connecting online at all
1	hay @USER are you guys aware of this issue ? brand new iphone 8 plus . is this just me or what ? HTTPURL
1	. @USER there is an account that is seeking to impersonate my account . can you follow so that i can report ? thanks !
2	will x1 carbon 2nd gen get support for win 10 1703 or are we stuck on 1607 until end of life ? support page last updated march
4	absolutely shocking service from ba . no better than any budget airline .
2	where is my parcel ? ! ? !
1	any update on the 20:07 to liverpool line street please euston #rammed
1	so do you know when them item is back in stock thank you
1	i tried checking out the whole sunday but failed . pls advise if i can still get the original discount ! thx !
1	had an email address that i used long time ago . logged in today and all email are gone . can i get these back ?
3	you clearly didn't read the tweet . your just like amazon . maybe local shopping . you know what you get that way !
3	so sick of xbox being trash ! i get teredo errors and i never use to get them ! ! @USER
4	just want to thank @USER @USER for ignoring me for three days xxxx
2	tower burger with no tower #notangryjustdisapointed HTTPURL
1	my friend got permanently banned for cheating in rainbow six siege and he never cheats can you look into it ?
4	this is unacceptable ! ! ! this is how my package arrives ? HTTPURL
3	# virgin media as usual full of lies lies lies ! ! !
2	my order hasn't shipped at all
1	my officejet 3830 won't print . #hppsdr #ijkhelp
2	"why can't we get an update on when power will be restored in marlboro ma ? "" we're working on it "" isn't helpful"
1	hi are the phones down again in wells no calls 3 days emergency only
1	#mobile_care throwing error codes for the tv ... resetting boxes will not do anything ..
1	hi @USER my delivery keeps being delayed due to bad weather and if it's not here for thursday i don't need it . how do i cancel ?
4	i bought a sprite from mcdonalds and they gave me a cup of water ...
2	no call till now . HTTPURL
3	need help @USER delivery of the @USER on sundays to any stores in or around grapevine tx is lacking . most sundays non existent ? y ?
2	this is a disgusting waste of packaging ! HTTPURL
2	can't believe i have 76000 miles on my 2011 @USER cc & amp ; in need of a transmission . any advice @USER
2	why doont you have any online store of own
4	i did dm you and i did send my information 3 times over 2 years . your company never replied and never followed up
2	it's december already when you guys are pushing android 8.0 update . it was supposed to be launched around october .
3	why have a call back option on the help line if you don't call back ? done it twice now . about to not spend $ with y'all
1	love my @USER bread machine but the paddles won't stay on in the basket anymore & amp ; the kneading is non existent ... how can i fix it
1	lenovo k3 note display flicker and dynamic pixel issue . no support from lenovoindia
1	just saw this this morning . was not like this when i took them off last night . suggestions ? HTTPURL
2	really hoping that @USER will find a solution to the repeated dead batteries in my 2015 outback ! #subaru needs to do the right thing !
2	wtf @USER pick the phone up
2	north fambridge ticket machine been out of service for over a week now . when are you going to fix ? causing problems ! !
3	no tab on my can ? what the @USER HTTPURL
2	worst *
1	hmm doesn't seem to be working quite like that in practice . getting messages saying i'm nearly out of memory at five gig .
3	2 weeks and still no reply to a letter to uk office about being charged for something i cancelled . typical of aol ?
2	my 2011 cc clutch pack feels like it shot . and clunks and shakes when i put it in reverse or park . and i'm not trynna pay $ 2500
4	your customer service has been horrible during the recall process . i will never purchase a honda again .
1	train no . 12358 pnr 2720822708 toilets very dirty pls help . @USER @USER @USER
2	yr site is confusing . does live tv include hulu streaming with no ads ?
1	trying to check in online but unable to find my booking . unable to reach agent . can you assist ?
1	showtime app on apple tv isn't working . hasn't been for last hour .
3	#seriously @USER this is how my #bbq #pizza arrives . was the #driver #drifting ? ? #bummer HTTPURL
4	absolute nonsense that i have to log in every time i watch on appletv . tonight was logged out while watching . what are you doing ?
1	awaiting my student discount code .. primary e mail not received it and not in junk folder
3	a whole month without my car and @USER can't even get a hold of the body shop that has my car . and my adjuster is in nyc . total mess
1	why is the 38 going down market ?
3	wonder why cars get major issues * just * after the warranty expires ? @USER #unhappycustomer
3	no water and no news for passengers for the last few hours at atl - please send water and updates ! ! ! !
1	dear sir train no 12062 pnr 8300549810 many beggers in this train plz resolve issues
1	have you decreased service between boston and baltimore ? so few flights available compared to earlier this year
1	not seeing that option presently - but i might not be looking in the right place yet
2	neither received the charger nor any update . very disappointed
2	does the marinated herring still have bones it . ? ?
1	hello can you tell me when the lappland tv unit will be back in stock please ? thanks
3	check you dm ! ! beend asking so many times !
1	can i delete the whole game and then get it back . this is not working
1	where do i include the pennsylvania estimated taxes i paid in 2016 . there's no place for it that i can see .
4	get up at 4 am just to see @USER delayed my flight by 3 hour again .. every fucking time i fly with them something happens
1	when will moto z2 play gets oreo update
3	you have still not replied to my original tweet on friday !
2	not cancelled . delayed . been sitting on plane for two hours . water is frozen . who knew it gets cold in syracuse ?
3	cyber monday shoppers beware : talking with @USER about potential data breach-customer service line connected to my personal phone .
3	only gas provider in bklyn how is that not monopoly ? provide terrible service b / c no comp . 8am -11:59 pm apt window . wtf
2	why does the @USER toilet talk to you ? feel really weird about peeing in a sentient toilet .
2	fuck me live chat with bt and vodafone is worse than the vwr
1	still waiting for a reply to an email i sent regarding an issue from this weekend .
3	someone has stayed home all day for my order but now #hermesuk are saying attempt was made this evening to deliver ( 1/2 )
1	luv my powerbeats but after 18 months mike and stop / answer button doesn't work . anything we can do ? help me out beats ...
3	why rate is so high with poor quality . 2 biscuit in 3 rupees . please explain . HTTPURL
2	why can't i enter my username / password on appletv ? why does showtime hate me ? ! endless cycle of input :(
1	how do i unenroll my apple music plan from student status ? i'm not a student anymore and can't reverify .
2	package from london to sydney just rescheduled to 4 days later ? why ?
2	restore outgoing calls facility until you send the bill nobody from vodafone got in touch with me regarding my previous concern
4	every time you go to @USER and they forget items #compensation !
2	i canceled my subscription before the 30 days and i am still getting charged monthly
1	hey @USER why is this happening ? HTTPURL
2	i bought lenovo k8 note two days ago ! it has brightness dimming issue while playing video reported by many people on lenovo forums too please provide software update fix ! phone is good don't make worse
2	what antivirus do you use ? i'm sick of norton eating all my memory ....
1	why cant the crossbars be stowed after moving the rear bar to the back most position ? did i do something incorrectly ? @USER #outback
1	i'm trying to enter the comp in your magazine app - but the link is broken - please help me
1	can't write a support ticket via mobile app : impossible if you don't recall your username and publication . browser redirects to app .
1	can you help us with ticket # 7256931 ? we are not getting any response to our ticket .
2	airlines get your act together and find 4722 a gate . been sitting on tarmac for nearly 30 minutes .
2	why do we always get a runaround . now on to 4th attempt to fly standby today ... frustrated
3	hello @USER @USER i'm having a major problem in that my ideapad 710s is getting stuck on the boot menu when loading . customer support live chat not being helpful as i do not have my serial number . poor service being received currently when i have a big problem
3	i haven't received any answer from you . what's up ?
4	your staff in edinburgh airport and appalling . so rude and ignoring all costomers to do their own makeup . awful service
1	is there no 06:03 from rugby to london tomorrow ? not appearing as an option to buy ticket on-line .
2	i was overcharged . i want a refund .
3	they make bubbling noises continually tried to phone after 20 mins of getting past from pillar to post they cut you off
2	v annoying as they were on display when they were never coming back in stock . has everywhere run out ?
2	already tried and i shouldnt have to wait anytime for a false suspension
1	following up on my 8/ 4 my tweet . my edit button doesn't display . help . reminder : you need to follow me to receive dm .
1	why is atlanta united ( mls ) not among my choices when i do a search & amp ; browse for sports teams ? can't set them as a favorite .
2	everytime i go on ww2 it lags me out every sever and kicks me off the game ? ?
2	i've been massively disappointed in @USER for years . does anyone have a better recommendation ?
4	my studio fix foundation smells so bad even my boyfriend said my face smelt thanks @USER
1	hey my powerbeats 3 has been powering off on its own ? help ?
4	i have complained a dozen times & amp ; yet my papers are still thrown far from my door . why is this so hard to resolve ?
2	my bill is still messed up ? ? ? ? ? ?
1	any idea what's interrupting some hd channel service in savannah ?
3	i fly to often to wait for your old planes to catch up ! hello @USER
1	is offline mode ever coming to android just like it did for ios ?
3	what's the point in paying for express delivery if you can't keep to it ? waste of time .
1	please see my dm . no response yet thks
2	can i get a monthly charge double refund when it sprinkles outside and we lose reception ? #iamembarrasedforyou
2	yo what the heck ? ! my only pair of headphones that work and they were cheap as hell HTTPURL
1	are you following me ? i seem unable to send you a dm .
3	can't believe staff just served a drunk and abusive passenger more alchohol
4	been missing shows for three months thanks to @USER not setting up our tv package . save our christmas @USER #xmascatchup #saveourchristmas
1	we don't have power near v club imara diama
2	been almost two weeks and my order has yet to arrive . what's up ? ?
1	please clean my coach train 12781 s3 17 pnr - 4439383383
2	infact it is not working for any city
4	very disappointed in holiday inn express orlando . bad experience . poor cust serv @USER @USER
1	my wireless hp envy 5660 printer stopped showing up on my printer menu when i tried to print #hppsdr #ijkhelp
2	loyal customer for 20 years . not loyal anymore . really disappointed n disheartened ! !
3	can you stop sending 8339201847 emails a day . i've gotten 3 already and the days isn't even over
